They be sayin' "best rapper alive", who?
Kells, who you wanna know?
I chop them motherfuckers down, they fallin' like Geronimo
Haters wanna holler though, hoes need to stop it
I will hit a bitch and pass her 'round the room like a Bop It
Back to the topic, uhh I think forgot it
Fuck it, I love talking 'bout my dick and how these riders jock it
Fuck him, fuck him, she's cool, fuck you
And if someone got a hater I'mma show 'em what to do
Make sure you puttin four fingers down, keep one up
Say if you ain't talkin bout no money please shut up
Me, I'm on the come up, I don't know what you bout
One million, two million, let me know how you count
Yeah, nominated youngin' of the year
I "red rover, red rover bring the money over here"
Steer, make sure I remain in my lane
But that's symbolic cause I'm really on a plane
And I red rover, that's ironic because I don't play no games
I don't pass the rock like Jay, I ain't fuckin' with you dames
Only like what gets me paid, I ain't fuckin with you lames
Already pale, where's the raise? I ain't fuckin with the shame
I want the limelight, and the lime slice in my drink
Chain and whip without the slave, and the bitch that stays paid
At the bar buying shots, cherry bombs and grenades
Cause I go hard, you can carve it on my grave
Now wassup man I crave, travel side, first block, where you stay?
All my people back at Shaker and my partners down the way
Uptown to the Heights, St Clair to E.C
An anywhere on the eastside you're liable to see me
Boy I'm about to make a milli, but this not the C3
This 100 Words and Running, I am not Lil Weezy
I am daddy to these hoes, fuck a lil pee pee
So if it's you, or me, your girl make a choice, easy
Uh, I'm spittin like I got my braces in, so much saliva my lower lip that I can't take it in
So I gotta hawk it up, spit it on the microphone
Family say I need rehab cause I can't leave the mic alone
And for that I'm guilty, but until they kill me
I'll be nasty in the sense that on this record I'll be filthy
Not literally, I'm bacteria free, the flow is ill so
Vaccinations given couldn't kill my skill
"Chill, chill" how you gon tell me to chill doe?
When I'm hot and being slept on like a pillow
Better wake yo ass up when I'm on these instrumentals
I'm the reason half of these rappers wives turn into widows
The type of shit I been on, no toilet to sit on
Need my quarterback even though I'm sittin in the endzone
Filling all my rillos with the leaves off a willow
And that's how I get down - straight up like a dildo, gone
Coming out the bottom of the mother fucking totem pole
Calling everyone who ain't believe like "I told them hoes"
Now they on my scrotum though
And I've been grinding so long its like I gotta blow
Baby mama calling up my phone, what the fuck you want
Cause I don't owe nobody shit stop askin'
Haters get off of my dick, stop gaggin'
They know I'm schooling them, they tell me stop classin'
We already know that you the shit stop gassin'
Eck, and my flow is fucking sick dog
Make a bitch cough like a sick dog
Probably cause I spit raw
No fucking with this boy
Other rappers more uncool than when the fridge off
Damn I think my lid's off, more mental then Sig Freud
Mind like a mother fucking-unsolvable jigsaw
People ask my audience "what you listen him for?"
Shit..cause I don't think Lil Wayne's come this hard
My God, then what that mean
Since I ain't son to nobody, then I must be king
Cocky with it, cause I know that can't nobody stop me with it
Wanna try? be ready to die, Kamikaze with it
Fuck a prince, I know I'm the real shit ya dig
Cause ain't no-mother-fucking-body done the shit I did
I'm the man where I'm from, but they call me the kid
Give me the crown cause if not then we taking that bitch
Mother fucker
100 words and running, 100 rappers that I ate still in my stomach
And 100 other coming, hustling for one-hundred a-hundreds
I don't give a fuck what you say, give me my money
Not college educated, but I can count a shit load
Connected like a constellation I can get you shipped more
Boy I do numbers with these verses check the info
I'm Machine Gun Kelly what the fuck's a pistol
What the fuck's a white flag
What the fuck's a price tag
What the fuck is beef? Fuck it show me where's the mics at
I will tear each one of them mother fuckers a nice ass
No homo cause we don't get dicked, we ain't like that
Nah bitch, should've hollered at me before
Cause "fuck you pay me" is now my steelo
And that goes for promoters, for the shows
For the verses, for the hoes
For the labels, what you owe
Bitch, give me my dough
I'm the big baller, shot caller of my age
19-year old Dwayne Wade
And the Eastside on my back, no matter what they weigh
Clevelands number 23 like I ain't know Lebron played
So what's up to all my fans who held me down since day one
Telling them Kells' the hardest that they come
Gave the real what they want and I did that
So come and blow a blunt with your boy give it here let me split that
And I bet they won't forget that
Cause rappers forgot how to be real
Forgot how they used to be before the deal
But I remember still
That's why I'm not a member of fame
Just raw talent who remembers the game
And the name, Kells
Kells, never been a punk
Always had hand salts in a city boy, white skin black chucks
And everybody that wanna challenge me you can do whatever you
Alright hold up stop that, stop that goddamn
I don't think ya'll know what's going on right now
This is the kid, MGK, Machine Gun Kelly, and this the mother fuckin' mixtape, 100 words and running, Lace the fuck up, Kells!
Uhh, Kells, never been a punk
Always had hand salts in a city boy, white skin black chucks
And everybody that wanna challenge me I can do whatever you do but man you bout done
You thought em up
Sleepin on the bottom in on top of the bunk
So when the machine's getting something to eat
You wanna breathe bitch please now use that tongue
But don't use that wrong and tell ya boyfriend who ya used it on
She calling me daddy and her boy Lil' Jon
So if we gotta problem then let's get crunk
I I am what you wishing for the dropout will recieve what you paying your tuition for
Said you wanna rap tell me what you spittin' for
I am the only great white get it what you fishin' for?
Hold up stop stop, I just said I am the only great white and I'm a white rapper
And great white like a shark, what you fishin for,
Ya'll don't get it
OK fuck that bring it back this is what I gotta do to get my city back
No we at the east or the southwest any that
Straight down the middle like a goddamn KitKat
Yea, yea no mornings because there isn't no sleep just yawning
Trying to get a house on the prairie on top of the hill
Now wheres my awnings
Oh and if we recording put this song in the obituary have my manager notify Yonny and tell him I killed his beat I'm sorry
But kells is just a beast like that
Got a beauty on my arm call Disney tell em that the beast is back
We beat that beat this crack show me where the freaks is at
Not a stain on me
You would think I'm where the bleach is at
Up front let me beat the back
Have an uncle like my niece re at
Came with out a snorkel but she show me where her beach is at
Surfs up the cat got me ridin' her body waves positions change now I'm all over her chest like Axe body spray
And she can't even go down and get my rocks off because so many haters dangling they rip my cock off (what?)
Nah, I'm just playin' but yo for real though
How bout you get off my sack and buy yourself a deal yo
Or buy yourself some steals yo sellin 16's like pills yo
I'll get your career rolling, rolling no wheels bro
So what I gotta steal fo even though I'm in the spot that ya'll kill fo
Cause if you watch Finding Nemo ya'll the crill fuckin' meals ho
What the deal yo, what I need a deal for
I got every coast in the country dancing to my songs heel toe
Entrepreneur's hero, 19 years older than zero
Nine digits follow the zeros on my check
Now where's my pillow goodnight
This is just a real song, you know
MGK, Rock City Let's Go!
They said I been wrong for way too long, I wish they would leave me alone
They said I ain't strong and I can't hold on, I wish they would leave me alone
He said, she said, that I'm wanted by the law, I wish they would leave me alone
And ain't no wanted man gonna get too far, I wish they would leave me alone
I never would've thought as a kid dreaming to record
That I would've went through more ups and downs that a seesaw
But this a grown man's world so you need balls
Million and one problems, the fuck you bitching at me for?
Bruh, but what you eat doesn't make me shit
So no matter what I'mma make these hits
Cause hating on you couldn't make me rich
So I gotta, gotta go get that dollar and the fifteen cents
For the profit don't equal the rent
Shit, I'm a father, I gotta feed my kids
And I wish that I could say I had 15 friends
Who happy to see my success and don't want a piece of my ends
Cause what they don't understand is I'm struggling just like them
I just pray that my story is gon' be happy in the end
And I pray for happiness in these sad times
Hope someday my life will bubble like it's bath time
What else? Maybe somewhere countin' numbers like it's math time
So I gotta grind, no breaks, fuck halftime
I've had a job since fourteen
Pushing carts, fast food, scrubbing floors, yeah I done the whole thing
But I was fed up, couldn't just work for anybody
And I guess it's true what they say, school's not for everybody
I'm just a dropout, nineteen with no hope
But my notebook front to back is full of big dreams of SoHo
And I don't know, how to answer my girl when she ask
When you gonna work and leave this music in the past?
If it is what I ask for, a little money in my pocket and a passport
But I never knew that it would come at the price
Of a hundred people hatin on me, now I gotta wear a mask or
Just fast forward, cause the internet thug in this city wanna see you fail
But if you rewind, know I've been through hell
So no matter what I will prevail
So my father or my daughter or myself and all my team
And these labels couldn't change me either, not one thing
See the streets want me to thug, and corporate America thinks I'm priceless
If I remove the curse and live my life like Miley Cyrus
But I'm none of that, fuck that, the money couldn't change me
Still the underdog, still the kid, it's the same me
Came from the bottom on my own
And I did it as MGK, fuck off and leave me alone
I'm gone
You know, it's funny
It's like, when I... on somebody
Everybody felt like I owed them answers to everything
But it's cool
This how MGK handles the situation...
They be saying "Kells why you leaving now?
You bounced and never came back around"
Look I'm still in the city I just don't leave the house
"Well what's this talk about you acting all crazy?
They say you getting Hollywood"
Shit, fuck them, pay me
"I'm saying, you won't even collab with another artist?"
Wrong, it's just that half of these rappers out here retarded
There's only 2 reasons why I wouldn't do a song
Either it isn't beneficial or that money isn't long
"Damn, it's like that?"
Unfortunately it is
Cause no cheddar equals out to no food for my kid
"Hold up, you got a kid too? How old is you?"
I'm 19 but I deal with grown man issues
"Okay cool, at least we know you not no fool
But you look like a college boy, why you not in the school?"
Cause I was in the principal's offices more than the class
Wouldn't write a letter of recommendation for my ass
See most of the teachers hate me, right along with the kids
Cause my reputation outside of the campus was getting big
Biatch
Haha, yeah it's like that
"Oh it's like that?
Okay okay, but I ain't done brah"
"Okay, you're confusing me
I always see you in the hood
But you look like them white boys from Laguna beach
So what are you? A Thug or an 'Asher Roth'?"
Look, I'm none of that, I'm the whole entire catalogue
From front to back the perfect blend like camouflage
Because I'm still me, even when the camera's off
"Well I been hearing about some things
You false bragging where you from?
So what city is it? Help me understand this, son"
Look I was born in H-town, raised in the middle east
Seen every part of the world from the ghetto to the beach
But unfortunately that was all before I turned 9
So the experience wasn't appreciated by my young mind
"Yeah get to the point"
Chill brah, let me talk
"Well explain the two area codes that's tatted on your arms"
Okay my left one is for Denver and my right is for The Land
Better known as Cleveland, Midwest is what I am
Next time you wanna question, understand this fam
I represent cause those the cities that taught me to be a man
"Okay, I guess I didn't see everything on the plate"
Well next time you wanna question get your facts straight
Biatch
"Damn
I guess that was cool and all, I dig that
But you not off the chain yet homeboy"
Oh yeah? You got some more?
Aight, come on brah
Let's go
"So what you got besides your name that makes you think you so cool?"
I won first at the Apolo, what more do I gotta prove?
The first rapper to do it
Plus on top of that, I'm staring at my '09
Best live performance award plaque
"Yeah, well how many fans you got?"
Thousands
"Prove it"
I'm on every major blog with no album
"Sure, but anyone with a deal gets that respect"
Wrong, cause I did this without a major label check
"So you saying you not signed?"
No, I had no help
I earned everything that I got then I signed myself
"Damn, you must be ballin', wheres the chains and the whip?"
I'm far from rich and the only jewels that I cop's for my chick
"What about your boys?
How'd you get them all to be down?
How much you pay?"
None dude, we from the same side of town
And if win, split up the chips and for the moment live good
But if not, we still fam like we back in the hood
"Friends? I respect that
What about the haters?
Word is you got a couple cats jacking your flavor"
Hell yeah, a couple people out to down my name
Turn on the radio the songs and the style's the same
Befriended me to stab me in the back, they lame
Should be ashamed, but all is well
It's just the rules of the game
Man
Haha yeah, wow its crazy
"That definitely was crazy man
'Preciate you answering the questions though man
Clearing it all out
You gotta tell 'em your name tho
Go ahead"
Okay I got you bro
Let it be known
That you have been speaking with
M-G-K
Let me take it back to Cleveland, where I love the peeps, yeah
Grind all night, sleep once in a leap year
Never had a beach chair, city of the hard knocks
Let one of us make it out the city, bet we all rock
Coming out the East Side, where they do not play much
Clouds always loomin, we don't see the suns rays much
Still I got the paper, gotta make sure the lights on
Its the mistake on the lake to you, but this is my home
Tatted it on my arm, bet I represent that
Homie I'm from Cleveland, I will tell the President that
Hardest year, we been there. Made some of the greats here
Midwests best, this is MGKs year
Shouts out to St. Claire, Uptown, yes yall
Heading to the Flats, get it poppin off with Steph Floss
O state monster, this the home of King James
We are not the Empire, but this is where the kings play
In Cleveland, though we rep our city
Who likes separating the grime from the gritty
Where's Slick Fitty? Well cause trouble in any city that we live in
When you're from Cleveland
Survivals a must on these streets, we hustle and don't sleep
Out here in Cleveland, Cleveland, Cleveland
Oh, Oh, OK, OK, now here we go, welcome to the Cleveland Show
But this ain't no cartoon, reality is all we know
Youre tuning into Bravo, yeah you hear me everywhere
But theres only one of me, let me make that very clear
Yeah I'm from that Terminal, you can see the lake from here
Faith in my teams, we keep gettin closer every year
But we got the King though, so hopefully we overcome
Yes I have a dream, and I no I ain't the only one
Art Modell tried to steal my heart, but we brought it back
Thanks to Cleveland Clinic, now they call them kids the cardiac
Rock Hall, Science Center, Tower City, all of that
Warehouse District, Euclid Corridor, and all the Flats
You know that I'm a Tribes fan, and I love Slymans
Crocker Parks a perfect place for me to spend some time in
Baby this is Cleveland, it is so much more to us
You can even go to Severance Hall to see an orchestra
In Cleveland, though we rep our city
Who likes separating the grime from the gritty
Where's Slick Fitty? Well cause trouble in any city that we live in
When you're from Cleveland
Survivals a must on these streets, we hustle and don't sleep
Out here in Cleveland, Cleveland, Cleveland
Long nights, cold winters, it ain't nothin pretty
So much hate up in this itty-bitty city
If you can make it here, you can make it anywhere
Put your hands up in the air, everybody say Yeah! Yeah! Yeahhh!
In Cleveland, though we rep our city
Who likes separating the grime from the gritty
Where's Slick Fitty? Well cause trouble in any city that we live in
When you're from Cleveland
Survivals a must on these streets, we hustle and don't sleep
Out here in Cleveland, Cleveland, Cleveland
Staring at this paper like an inmate out the window
Watching my net worth steadily grow like a crescendo
You know engulfing every molecule that is around us
Left out the bush cause in the jungle how could they have found us?
See me and my teammate busy hoping we make it happen
Ain't nothing funny but the money, we too busy laughing
Couldn't fathom as a freshman when I wasn't passing
That I'd be pulling out a mansion laughing in the Phantom
18 years old behind the steering wheel in the cruiser
City lights in front but the rear view flashes lights from the [?]
My goodness his hoodness is only cool for a minute
And I'm freezing from that cold shoulder from the winters
Either way I split the swishers let em (sss) runnin' hits
I would puff and pass, but there's no one in here that could hit it
I swear the car was full, even had some trouble fitting
And now the trip is ended and I'm the only one sitting, damn
...
Damn, (Peter Parker) 16 not a kushy in the jar take a hit now I'm floathig next to Pluto
Super bad, used to dream one day I'd be a star, Hollywood big screen like Juno
Yeah, so I hopped up out the bed
Said fuck school layed at the crib
And lived every single punchline that I have ever spit
Cause reality to me is behind my eyelids
Gone, and don't mind my ad-libs
A lot of these rappers young but I am that kid
(Kells) That piff, chillin' in the hood, light it up
Now my minds in the heights like where my dad lives
Can't hate though, not at all man
I'm in the stadium and I am not a ball fan(No)
Or a ball player, just freshman with a team, now let me ball hater
(Swish) Leaning, give me my balls hater
Jealousy took over their lives, I'm the cause hater
And the most 10th graders want my autograph paper
Meanwhile my bread comin out the cheese grater(Ha, bitch)
Yeah, I am the greatest
So bad when they need me, they be saying tsk tsk
Boy, I'm raw as this fish in the sea
See me, get off my bitch's dick
At the cornerstore, heavy dog
Pull up in the lot, open doors, see heavy fog
All I needs a brownie, Arizona and a funyon
Plus a hotdog, extra relish got the munchies like a muhfucker
Blaze up till you face up
Got the hardest bars in the game, step your cage up
100 words and runnin', you better lace up
If you can't tell I'm a star, step your knowledge of space up
Uh, Gangsta? Nah I'm fuckin' with ya
All my girls back in Shaker, yo what's up with ya
Up in their blouse, boyfriends couldn't trust me
Couldn's stay in the house because the streets love me
And everyone who hated just mad they couldn't become me
Ain't it crazy I'm celibate when everybody says fuck me
Probably cause they think your boy musty
Stinky rich and the flows ugly like ugh
Kells, yeah!
I'm cold shit stepping out the freezer
The people love my Dougie my denim bluer than Skeeter
Tatted under the beater, I'm spotted up like a cheetah
Look like Leave It to Beaver, liquored up by the liter
Freshest freshman on campus, no notebooks in the bag
Blinding me with the cameras, never look at the tags
Body look like a canvas, skin is covered with tats
And the Chucks are always the classics
Look like I'm in the past
Yeah
And I stay B-Boy'd up
Neighbors in my business make me wanna turn the noise up
Always been a kid bet I go and get my toys up
Transformer tatted on my arm like the toys yup
Holler at me prime time, any times my time
Every day's grind time, every nights shine time
No chain needed I am just a star
Forever in your life like a scar
What's up girls!?
Understand I am better than your man
So whatever is the plans
I look better in your past
And bet I'm the level with Peter Pan
Eyes chinky like I grew up in Japan
Wasabi
Yeah, you know how I'm feelin'
Relo in a dub sack you know how I'm chillin'
Ugh...
And I do it like that all black in the back
Yeah I'm coolin' like that
Like that...
I'm back, back, rocking like Jack Black
Jumping round the room like a hack sack
One me, four hoes, three tats, I'm so abstract
You can be futuristic and I'll be past that
Funny cause I don't think they get it
And MTV could never see how I'm living
Cause I don't got a crib I got a car that I live in
Every day different city, four seats, eight women
I'm from city where the terminal towers over
The top of the train tracks
Bring it back ASAP
The hood chicks love me
I keep a Heights girl
And Becky got a benz
Shout out to my white girl!
Orange drink in my cup
Fresh Prince in my XBox
Kush in my blunt
Go and get your friends
Gause tonight we up
Three Olives and pickle
Lets get fucked up
Kells!
Woke up, time to grab my phone book
Gotta call my boy but my head feels like it hit a tow truck
So what? Living life in the fast lane tore up!
Tryna eat my toast but I had so many drinks I'm throwing u
Hit the school with fo' of us, one rollin' up that doja
Then we open doors up, smoke coming out the Rova
Always celebrities, man everybody knows us
Teacher ask why I smell like smoke? Bitch cause we just toked up!
I don't give a fuck, cooler than seven below bruh
Anaconda dick, Chuck Taylor toes keeping my nose up
Gonna keep our hopes up, on the block where they keep that holster
Where we live like every day's the thirty-first of October
From the block to the burbs
From my spot to the curb
Got the drink, where's the herb?
All my bitches what's the word?
Take this fifth to the face
Party life, here's a taste
My professor's in the place, even that motherfucker say "hell yeah"
Yeah! We drunk as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them bottles in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We high as fuck and don't care like hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them burners in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We drunk as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them bottles in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We high as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Cuz MGK up in here so Hell yeah
Uh, schools out just got my report card
All D's, I ran it over with my sports car
Then my pops called, wanna know if I got my grades
I'm like "c'mon dad, you know your boy got all A's"
So I gotta go, manager calling my phone, I guess it's showtime
Three cars deep, full of hoes that we met online
Brought the house down, blog and saying that "Kell's shit"
Facebook and Twitter updates, ring Kells bitch!
From the block to the burbs
From my spot to the curb
Got the drink, where's the herb?
All my bitches what's the word?
Take this fifth to the face
Party life, here's a taste
My professor's in the place, even that motherfucker say "hell yeah"
Yeah! We drunk as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them bottles in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We high as fuck and don't care like hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them burners in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We drunk as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them bottles in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We high as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Cuz MGK up in here so Hell yeah
Hotel room, penthouse at the party where they smoking fluid
Top it off with the top floor, full of women laying with their tops off in the jacuzzi
Living life like a movie
We ain't got a Pina Colada, so we spike a smoothie
Party hard, cops ain't knocking, they on duty
From the block to the burbs
From my spot to the curb
Got the drink, where's the herb?
All my bitches what's the word?
Take this fifth to the face
Party life, here's a taste
My professor's in the place, even that motherfucker say "hell yeah"
Yeah! We drunk as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them bottles in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We high as fuck and don't care like hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them burners in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We drunk as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Throw them bottles in the air so hell yeah (Yeah)
We high as fuck and don't care so hell yeah (Hell yeah)
Cuz MGK up in here so Hell yeah
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
They ask why I do not come round, come round
Cause I'll be grindin' till the sun down, sun down, sun down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
I got no friends I'm strung out, strung out
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
This my world above the earth surface
Where the grass is somehow greener and weathers always perfect
Questionable lifestyle, but they all know for certain
That we just don't give a fuck, cause we condone cursing
I wanna get that dream and live my life
With no Rihanna, no T.I.,
I'm just living for today
No tomorrow, no pause, no karma, real shit, no persona
I'm enjoying every pussy like a virgin or Madonna
And I took it from the basement, yeah
All the way to first place and I'm feeling good
Need a somebody to save me from the cavemen running my neighbourhood
Now I never wanna come back, I don't wanna touch, smell or feel the crowd
I just wanna live with my alter ego in my world of sound
Where it feels like the world is spinning round,
And angels asking if I'll be coming down
I don't know if I wanna do that,
Because up on this planet is where I grew at
They ask why I do not come round, come round
Cause I'll be grindin' till the sun down, sun down, sun down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
I got no friends I'm strung out, strung out
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll
My flow powers infinite,
With the clouds showers infamy
Cowards devour instantly
On every hour literally
But this is our symphony,
And when you know it's time to end with me
Just make sure that when I'm gone my child lives for me
And if we blow let's talk in show, take it all the way up there
I'm a man of many moves so in space I'm prepared
Landed on the planet,
But shit I'm already from here
So when I'm classified as alien I don't care
Peace out to the citizens I'm gone
Let the other solar system know I'm home
ET from the CLE believe my adrenaline is ready for the long haul
It's lonely up in outer space,
Get me out of here
Cause when I'm grounded everyone the same everywhere
Which is why I must be foreign with it. Why?
Cause it's like most these rappers boring with it
So what you saying?
So to keep everybody from snoring in it,
I'mma heal the game put neosporin in it
They ask why I do not come round, come round
Cause I'll be grindin' till the sun down, sun down, sun down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
I got no friends I'm strung out, strung out
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
Now one more time, fella
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll
Do what you do man, fuck everybody else you know
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll.
Kells
Okay
100 words and Running
Whaddup!
Straight out the fridge with it
Cool as polar bear paw prints in it
Bitch I'm the kid like "what you talking about Willis?"
Fresh as new room service pillows with the mints in it
Yeah! I guess the dollars make cents in it
Pun intended, mouth nasty, need rinse in it, Euk!
And that's not no incense
When they whisper that my walk got a funky little stench in it (Damn)
Bitch I'm the shit, couldn't miss the smell
Turn around, give a wave, "Hi, I'm Mr. Kells"
Never flush the toilet, open your nose please
Haters from high school at my shows in the nose bleeds
"Hi, what's up with you fools?"
I dropped out and now I am the new school
Of this rap shit
Million dollar man with a thousand dollar budget
Still my hand on my nuts like fuck it!
Kells
100 Words and Running, hoped you tied your laces tight
Me, I'm in my Chuck-T's with a blunt up, please we blazing right
Cause I couldn't imagine any other way to bring the year in, now light that shit up!
And I couldn't even fathom any other way to bring a beat in that I like so get up!
Fuck these hoes! Fuck these hoes! One more time like "FUCK THESE HOES!"
I'm rolling off these pebbles and I'm stoned like these country roads
Me, I'm a city boy, it's going down no Nitty boy
And if its about money, shout my hitter I'll come get it boy
No twitter boy, but I'll get at these rappers names and shit
Fuck all they fame, they bitch just grabbed my Wii, no games and shit
And now he mad, he angry shit
I tell that fool to "Pay me, bitch!"
But he don't understand cause he don't speak my lan-gu-age
So uh! On to the next one, we up
A pussy's just a hole, and I'm in the country club
Got seventeen mo', and I hole-in-one them all
Stroke the first time, no birdies, eagles or pars
No major deal, we major still, fuck you thought it was?
Don't need no major to tell me that I got a major buzz
I'm major money, tell these fools "Kiss my major nuts"
They tell me watch my mouth, but I don't give a major FUCK!
I'm major pain and ain't talking bout no Damon Wayans
Look up in the sky! It's a bird
Nah, that's just me high off that Mary Jane
Yeah bitch, I said "Mary Jane"
And if I could, I would marry Jane
They be saying "That white boy can spit!"
I'm like can't he mane...?
Shit and fresh, call me "Mannie", mane
Under the mistletoe, let her kiss my candy cane
I'm Danny Zuko with it, but I don't want no Sandy mane
I want them greased the first night like a caddy mane
Fuck what they, fuck what they sayin', I'm on some dumb shit
Wanna menage-a-trois, bring your friends, fuck that one bitch
And rappers saying they don't feel Machine Gun's shit
Well I don't feel your music on some numb shit, Bitch!
Yeah! They kiss my ass while I let the beat build
I'm flying G4 looking down, you on your feet still
Shit, where they do that at my dude?
So many haters like goddamn am I rude?
You value menu motherfuckers!
Couldn't afford the cheese on a burger
So don't call my manager asking for verses
Cause your payment for a line of me cursing
Is enough for me to buy a car and throw some D's on it
Like I tossed Pamela Anderson shirt up (Oh My God!)
Don't know what I gotta do to get through
So I slow it down and rap the rest in a screw (Will that do it?)
Yeah!
Feeling draped out and dripped up
So many bitches I need a pimp cup
Sticky's getting lit up
Skirts need to lift up
Haters not allowed and if they come they getting bit up
Someone put the fence up while we get the trees lit
Blow all of this grass til it's only concrete shit
Do not let your feet slip, all black Chucks on my feet
Dip me down
Tie my laces and now its back to the beat bitch!
Said it's back to the beat bitch
Say it's back to the beat bitch!
Yeah! We take it back to the beat bitch!
That's how you let the beat build bitch!
100 Words and Running
O-H-ten in this motherfucker
What they thought it was man, used to.
Fuck that, we still get it in Ohio baby.
Machine Gun Kells, MGK
(What up midwest Midwest c'mon)
Kells
I run this bitch
(So what?)
Walk everys strip I don't give two fucks
(Fucks)
I done gave this city everything except my two nuts, ha ugh!
Makin it rain until the floors wet
Reputation keepin all these haters off my doorstep
Half of my city mad, half of my city rotten
Half of my city hate cause, half of my city lyin.
They know they feel the kid,
Supportin' undercover
Scared to be down after I show the world my skin color.
But the motherfuckas know what I do doe
(Ah)
You don't wanna be thinkin I'm a fool though
(Nope)
If it ain't about the money then the pool yo.
Any rappers know it better than you oh.
(Know this)
In the state where the kids get dumb high.
Break it down and roll it up with a long arm.
What it count for me for about to come by.
Let em know we comin' straight out buckeye.
(Ohio what up?)
And what they thought they got me all fucked
Hit every campus in the state and get us all sucked.
(You know!)
Got high on High St.
Shot gunned at O State.
Miami mommies brought that white and ate the whole cake.
(I love ya'll)
And down in Kent they get it poppin' with the Smirnoff
Started with some twerk then it ended with the shirts off.
(Dang)
It's Natty light in 'Natti please believe they get it crackin'.
(Yes)
I love my diamonds, so I call my 80 pints in Akron.
(What up)
Then catch the frats in action
They make sure that my music bump.
(Uh)
At the party took ittot he back with a bitch with a mouth like Donald Duck
(You know what that means)
And they call me Donald Trump.
Mr. O-H-I-O
Took your Mrs and now you just Mr. "I hate my hoe"
(Rain)
You seen them Facebook pictures blowin' the whole team
(Haa)
But you know the rules it's no cove' in down in Bowling Green
(Yeah)
My down Dayton down pulls stop it's nothin' holdin me
From the love puff puff and blow to me wanna fuck get it ones get it ons for free.
6 hour drive for wanna feel that in my lungs now
(Yes)
The whole 28 grams of Kush it lasted me to Youngstown.
(Y-O What up)
Y-O to Springfield then went and birth to Athens
Spread it 6 spread the express to the gods that got me high as Athens
Toledo put it down
Never forgot that story
We had the RA butt naked in the dormitory
(Stupid hoe!)
This is the state we live in
(Uh)
So swat the hate you spittin'
(Uh)
Double O-H-I good riddance
Bitches
If you know like I know
(Huh?)
Homie lie low
So what that mean?
Stay the fuck out of Ohio
Blaze the hydro and I ain't sharin my dough
So what?
So stay the fuck up out of mine though
If you know like I know
We don't drive slow
No lip, cause I don't fuck with the 5-0
But we high though,
If I want it I know
Kells,
I still get it in Ohio
All day mothafucka
Money to the singer with a good feelin'
Ya know?
Four coats in this mufucka don't forget about shit
They say "Who dat?"
I say "We dat!"
Slim, Dub-o, Lil' Mike, DMG what up?
If you're not rollin with us, get the fuck out the way
You already know what it is!
It's that takeover!
Yeah!
Midwest whatup
Let me get my theme music, Kells
Some say, you can only judge a man by what he has
And I got a whole city behind me...
(Whatup, yeah)
Let it run
(Whatup)
I like this
(Whatup, yeah, whatup)
And you know what they say
With great power comes great responsibility (yeah)
And let it be known
I got this
We are, the best motherfuckers in this spot
They can't see who's in it cause the windows all tinted
This is, more than the business, the fame and the image
This is natural, no gimmicks, rappers actin' like Gwyneth
Lumps in my denim they swear I done shitted
I don't give a flyin' fuck that's why they call me "lieutenant"
Try to play me like a kitten, homie you kiddin?
You rappers are nothing serious, I call you a scrimmage
Breathe, bring it back to the map
We just grinding here first, we just happened to rap
Lost a friend to the night, still battlin' that
There wasn't any type of show, they just happened to clap
Promised him, if you music's a race, I'd be running the track
And if I come out the winner, I ain't runnin' it back
Wasted my whole entire life runnin' from Jack
Once in a lifetime's now and I ain't runnin' from that, yeah
We own the night, all black Chucks on
The new generation, no black tux on
Rather fitted jeans, no inches to cut on
And the talent that you willin' to bet a million bucks on
This is my story, so this is real shit
Everything I want, this is what the real get
Dream big, the Empire State feelin'
Money taller than the Empire State building
Don't get it twisted, I ain't rich yet, but I'm straight
Whoever thought I'd make that killin' of my wordplay
I did, I've been knowing since the first day
Revenge can be many things, success is the worst way
I see they faces now, but I'm way too real to care
My night is coming soon, I feel it in the air
Somebody's gotta run the town before the smoke clears
This kingdom is now without a king, look people I'm here
Life's a game but it's not fair
I break the rules so I don't care
So I keep doing my own thing
Walking tall against the rain
Victory's within the mile
Almost there don't give up now
Only thing that's on my mind is who's gonna run this town tonight
Hey...
Who's gonna run this town tonight
This is what greatness sounds like, y'all
So beautiful don't you agree?
You know who it is
Kells
Stress, bliss, fuck it
200 RPM, behind the wheel of my mind's GM
Praying they don't see him
Swerve around the drama from my BM
Wondering why all these people wanna be him
Stuck in the matrix but doesn't want no one to free him
Cause in reality fantasy's all that's left of freedom
And reality's a bitch and that's why I say I don't need'em
Just a substance to keep me sleeping so I can keep on dreaming
Fuck Tylenol PM, someone THC him
Smoke away all my problems, eyes looking like Koreans
You're only here to rap, other ambitions simply keep'em
So I'm clenching down my gums like a baby when his teething
What they saying in my face ain't what they thinking, they deceiving
I'm about to live up to my reputation as a heathen
And put my size 12's into place where they eating
Til it comes out the other end like a mother that's conceiving
Just be glad you breathing
It's summer and my heart is still freezing
Cause back home it is kill or be killed season
So I'm watching my back, bet I'm familiar with treason
People threw me in the lions den alone for no reason
"Fuck em" if they hear him, but shut up when they see him
While my family wondering why new breads in my ATM
But how can I fit in a cubicle when I'm a coliseum
Just know that no matter where I fit I do it off of Cleveland
And Mile High
Ugh, The Calm
100 Words and Runnin, ya bitch
Kells
Drop me in and I give a fuck if I make it (I tell 'em)
Long as I'm going in then for granted nothing is taken (Uh)
Steady patiently waiting
Dodging shaking is satan (Ugh)
I feel the heat from the fire (Paah)
That's just the bread that I'm..
Woah woah, alright alright
You gotta stop it again man, stop it again... Damn
Now I know y'all didn't think we were gonna do this mixtape
Without bringing my team all with me did y'all?
Check it out, this is my mother fucking mans right here, DUBO!
And he's about to show you how we get down in The Land
100 Words And Running...
I'm gone!
Drop me in and I give a fuck if I make it (I tell 'em)
Long as I'm going in then for granted nothing is taken (Uh)
Steady patiently waiting
Dodging shaking is satan (Ugh)
I feel the heat from the fire (Paah)
That's just the bread that I'm baking (Gah!)
Cool, calm and I'm chill (Chill)
Dotted like I'm the deal
An' I co-sign for mine cause my father was never there (Nah)
Polo riding my own (Yah)
I'll be solo riding alone (Yah)
But my dick got a couple bitches so I guess that I'm not alone (Yah)
Soda can in the freezer; I know I'm 'bout to explode
Bitch freakier than you think, It's a shame you didn't know (Oh)
Claim with your handle doors, but I'm candle waxing on her's (That's right)
You're giving her all your love, I'm just giving her what she worth (Burrrr)
Like a hundred ice dope chains I'm cold hearted (Uh)
I swear imma chore by my swag just thought it (Gah)
Quietly I'm shitting on them, privacy is what I need (Huh)
I participate in sessions, that don't involve seeds (Kush)
Niggas not tough (Tough)
They putting X on the me, they sip alcohol free, they order Daiquiri Sweet
I paid 'em no mind (Nah)
I react like I'm blind (Blah)
I relax and recline (Damn)
With a dime finders wine (Damn)
I get up like ceiling, no tree, I just leave (Leave)
I'm the sickest spittin' nigga, see this rhyme when I sneeze (Damn)
Imma need more than some Kleenex (Yah)
Virgin mammi said she ain't sucked D yet (Whaa?)
So I stuck the D in her V neck
I'm nasty (Euck)
And you know that... Dubo!
I'm out this man
Holla at ya mother fucking boy
Imma end it like that
Yeah, Duh-Bo (Yah)
Yo (Yah)
Yo
Wha-what ho say? (Arh)
Everybody know I, do it
yall thought he was gone right?
y'all thought it was over
let me tell yall something though
when he say EST for life
He mean that shit
it's the return of the underdog
the voice of the people
and he's still 100 words and running
so yall better lace the fuck up
Straight from the mother fucking jungle
faught with lions tigers and bears
now I'm ready to rumble
yeah the good guy never wins
I'll be humble
whole city on my back
and I ain't gon' stumble
my heart blacker than Ethiopian skin tone
mama should've cut her filopeans
knowing i was gonna be a problem when i get this income
is kells here?
man please I been gone
and I'm never turning back again
'Cause a block wanna trap you in
I done lost too many friends to the streets out here
too soon to not know what's happening
call a taxi in
get a book read the facts again
ain't shit about us fancy man
welcome to the east side
we happy in
And Ima put this mother fucker on the map again
Heroes are remembered
Legends never die
I ain't dying any time soon
what am I?
the hometown hero
goddamn it with a legendary flow
and a name that's forever mine
Kells, can't nobody fuck with me
I'm on another level
ain't nobody up with me
pedals and feathers couldn't get you onto my level
and that's cool fuck company
everybody I'm good
yeah and when i step into the building
everybody put they mother fucking hands up
(put 'em up, put 'em up, lace up)
yeah and when i come into the spot
all the real mother fuckers gonna stand up
kells
who gon' stop me
who gon' stop me
underdog of the year
call me rocky
underdog of the year
call me rocky?
don't act like you ain't copy
bitch I'm hot shit
you can't knock me
this rock bottom
who gon' top me
EST be the team that got me
who gon' stop me
you gon' stop me?
everybody get the fuck out
show me a rapper that you think is iller than me
I bet I pull their fucking tongue out
nowadays everybody be thinking they balling
I came around and home runned on these players from the duggout
yeah bitch what now
hat to the side
bags underneath my eyes
got me looking like I'm strung out
can't even get outta bed
without a pair of original chucks laced up
then we looking to run out
> look at who I brung out
every show and every single city i step into
all the realest people come out
every single stage I'm on
Ima dumb out (?)
yelling EST until i blow a lung out
and that's why I love my fans
I swear my fans are my fam
took it from the bottom
and we never going back again
Lace Up Cleveland's on the map again
Kells
yeah and when I step into the building
everybody put they mother fucking hands up
(put 'em up, put 'em up, lace up)
yeah and when I come into the spot
all the real mother fuckers gonna stand up
kells
who gon' stop me
who gon' stop me
underdog of the year
call me rocky
underdog of the year
call me rocky?
don't act like you ain't copy
bitch I'm hot shit
you can't knock me
this rock bottom
who gon' top me
EST be the team that got me
who gon' stop me
you gon' stop me?
Lace Up
Whoever woulda thought that another motherfucker from the land woulda came up and made them stacks,
Never was warm in my city so I had to get on the record and come blaze these tracks,
And I'm all around haters everyday but I guess that's just what fame attracts,
Well, fuck that, where the bucks at man I need the green in my box like apple jacks,
Matter fact see me in a ride so foreign you can't understand,
6 speed hittin' 60, 0 to 3 so come catch me if you can
Speak in ebonics, give a fuck what Mr. Webster says,
Let a smart girl read my dictionary I call that Ms. Webster head
Man I gotta get it, when I'm gonna get it, how I gotta get it man whatever I'm a do I'll get that,
Every moment I want it 'cause everyday I be grindin' so when you wanna make a move I'm with that
I am a, chip off the block,
Monster in the booth, takin' off the lock,
And put the shit back on when I'm on the top,
So I got the game cuffed up like the cops,
And I don't fuck with them,
But the East side yeah I got love for them,
Anybody wanna hate on me then get on my level but you will never ever so I got scrubs for them,
Yeah I'm from the city where all of the good die young and the old don't make it,
So we just hangin' in the middle ground ready for whatever boy don't mistake it,
Bitch I'm from Cleveland bet they know what we claim,
'Cause we wildin' motherfuckers E.S.T. is the gang, bitch!
Whoever, woulda guessed that a little white boy out the Midwest woulda did fuckin' numbers!
Everybody used to talk down now the whole world wanna be-fucking-come us!
We the new team, E.S.T,
Line full of hoes out to the VIP,
Everybody know I'm Number 23
When I'm on the court ballin' MVP, bitch!
Lemme take a little sip of the Vitamin Water and little hit of the kushi and I'm good,
Chilling up' in the clouds, you wanna fuck my day up, man I wish you would,
Bitch I'm the man, no longer the kid,
Must be the reason why all these grown folks on my dick,
Get off my ballsack, y'all makin' my draws sag,
Call Saks walk up in that bitch like gimme all that,
I never had nothin' so what else you think a little kid with a dream gon' do?
Ball without a budget like fuck it the middle finger crew,
Real people love me, the jealous tryna degrade my name,
Y'all must've lost ya fucking melons, boy I am the game.
They shoulda never let me into the buildin' with a stereo of a pen and a pad I do damage,
Can't nobody ever do it like I do since a youngin' I've been going hard I'm the baddest,
Everybody from around the way that I knew in the past call me my city's savior,
But the people in the class wanna put me in the hall 'cause of my bad behavior.
It's a long way home
At the end of the road
I'll be pavin' my own way
To the top
I'll be here to stay
So take my name
Remember this face
Keep the change
And have a nice day
And live for the moment not by the past
Homie live each day like it's your last
All my life I couldn't fit in like a bad shoe
I was always too square, too cube
Too tall, too weird, too blue
Forget them high school hotties
Now I'm too cool
I guess I came a long way from that young kid
The schools most popular lame, no friends
No style, no clothes, no ends
Just a bed, fell asleep and never woke up again
Yeah, and my last prayer
Was don't ever let me end up
Like the people that's down here
'Cause the ones that fear change
Be the ones that don't care
Look at themselves
And see somebody else in the mirror
But you could always pick me out of the crowd
Loud mouth with my very own style
And what I know now
Is don't ever pretend
And live every single day like you won't see it again
So take my name
Remember this face
Keep the change
And have a nice day
And live for the moment not by the past
Homie live each day like it's your last
And if you only had 24 hours
And 1400 minutes
Before your dreams gone
Then you better go live it
'Cause whatever you love
Could be taken away
So live like it's your dying day
I dedicate this to my teachers that never believed in me
And the mother that conceived but ended up leaving me
I just wish y'all could see me smile
This big grin's on the TV now
Uh, and I took it from the bottom to the top
From the holes in my socks
Ramen noodles in the pot
Used to rob 'em on the block
Now they spot me in the drop
Middle finger up
And that ain't gon' stop
I used to take orders
And now I make bets
I used to scrub floors
And now I sign cheques
I used to push carts
Now I push songs
Yeah I used to be there
Now I am so gone
I fired myself
Found a job myself
Established my name
Then I signed myself
And what I tell myself
Is you did this by yourself
And when I'm on so long
I'll be by myself
I'm gone
So take my name
Remember this face
Keep the change
And have a nice day
And live for the moment not by the past
Homie live each day like it's your last
And if you only had 24 hours
And 1400 minutes
Before your dreams gone
Then you better go live it
'Cause whatever you love
Could be taken away
So live like it's your dying day
I wish I could see their faces
When they heard your boy spit
Wish I could know what they thinking
When they heard my first hit
'Cause I remember them wishing
That I wouldn't get big
Now I bet they wishing
They wouldn't have said that shit
I came out of a dying city
Brought back life
Everything they said I couldn't do
I did 'bout twice
Multiply that by the battles
That we popped each night
That equals out to a celebration
Bitches more ice
Make a toast to the underdogs
Toast to the team
Toast to the fact
We this close to the dream
Pour one for my exes
Used to talk reckless
But now I push Benzes
And rock Rolexes
Came from the city
And until they come and get me
Turn around and see
The whole east side still with me
And that's how we living
Ya mans don't change
Look it's still the kid
Still can't tell me God damn thing
Kells
So take my name
Remember this face
Keep the change
And have a nice day
And live for the moment not by the past
Homie live each day like it's your last
And if you only had 24 hours
And 1400 minutes
Before your dreams gone
Then you better go live it
'Cause whatever you love
Could be taken away
So live like it's your dying day
Like it's your dying day
It's a long way home
At the end of the road
I'll be pavin' my own way
To the top
I'll be here to stay
So take my name
Remember this face
Keep the change
And have a nice day
And live for the moment not by the past
Homie live each day like it's your last
I know, you don't wanna see me right
runnin through the day and night
tryna get my money right 
I know you hate to see me doin right 
Switchin cars and changin flights
Tryna get my money right
And i know and I know and I know and I know and I know
And i know and I know and I know and I know and I know
A-a-and I know, And I know
Untill these dollars in my pockets fat as 10 wallets
Man I'm tryna ball until my paper stretch like Ben Wallace
I got respect, Now i just need power like 10 sockets
Plus I'm fly as fuck
Man I musta came out of the womb with 10 rockets
Gone B-b-blast off
I grinded my ass off
Now my hotels filled with 20 bitches with they pants off
And we blow that cash crop
puff puff pass on
Till the green is gone
shit it looks like we mowed the grass on
CLE man I rep my town
Everyday bleed that orange and brown
Mother fuck what you talkin 'bout
Unless EST comin out your mouth
I'm puttin on my gangin shit
You puttin on your hatin shit
Your girl told me I'm the best
I aint have to say shit
I know, you don't wanna see me right
runnin through the day and night
tryna get my money right 
I know you hate to see me doin right 
Switchin cars and changin flights
Tryna get my money right
And i know and I know and I know and I know and I know
And i know and I know and I know and I know and I know
A-a-and I know, And I know
Ok, everybody knows I be on my jock
....In my city doin anything for a penny
and when I'm in the club ... 50
... like back walk
Nobody ever wanna see me shine
But you cant block the sun
Since I'm a star
that mean we're the same
which means Imma shine no matter what
So call me Kid
Call me Kells
And if you aint about shit don't call my cell
I had my fans before my deal
And they hold me down cuz they know I'm real
Say I'm this
Cal me that
But when I come around 
better tuck your sack
Its EST all around the world
So the whole planet got my back
Fuck your cars
Fuck your clothes
Walk up in the spot take all your hos
20 dollar Levis
I dont need green guys
Alphabet cake baked all them O's
My hotel, My hotel?
You wanna know what happens in my hotel
Is that your girl?
I know her well
She was here last night now bitch go tell
Tryna get my money right
Mic check, Ok
So why you talking down now
Because I run the town now?
Because I'm ring leader of this
and you a clown now
Because you fell off bad as fuck (true)
Because I'm on, you mad as fuck (true)
Because me and my team made it by ourselves you lookin mad at us
Or maybe cuz the streets you call your hood
rock with me more than you
An 'member in the same building the crowd rock watching me more than you
Do i get paid more than you
No but your a fuckin fool
Cuz that girl that you trickin called your wifey chose me over you
Bitch
I know, you dont wanna see me right
grindin through the day and night
tryna get my money right 
I know you hate to see me doin right 
Switchin cars and changin flights
Tryna get my money right
And i know and I know and I know and I know and I know
And i know and I know and I know and I know and I know
A-a-and I know, And I know
Kells
Yo I was, raised on a seperate side of the track in a land where the wild things roam,
Open up my closet see a tall leaf growin, pick a leaf off of the stem take it all to the dome,
Callin it, the Alice in Wonderland, spiralin down the medium better known as time I'm stumblin,
Come back to my senses from the sounds of thunderin,  trees talkin to me wonderin if ill ever come again,
every single day until I'm seein the sun again,
Starin at the ripples skippin rocks in the pond again,
stimulatin every single cell while I'm ponderin,
And the green leaves are fallin and shrivelin like the Summer end
What shall I do, where do I go
I want the fumes in put the towel under the door,
I'm feelin the dro, puff it in and releasin the smoke,
Its not enough for me, I want it if u got it fa sho,
There are, things talkin to me mommy I swear
I'm seein figures in the dark get up and nobodys there
Intangible shadows are fucking with me reaching for nuthin,
So I take a hit of this Alice  now I'm hopin for somethin
Fuck all the puffin, elmer it up get to the huffin,
treat it like christmas turkeys open up and get to the stuffin,
See if I'm bluffin, I'm ready to go to the moon,
Ill do whatever whenever promise it'll get me there soon,
I'm lost in my own mind, where do I go,
I swear This wonderland's not what I used to know,
Wonderland (blisseded up feel the smoke run my hands,
Wonderland (twisted up, sip it chop it if you in)
Wonderland (Sit back let me how show u how it begin)
Wonderland (where my mind I think I lost in the end)
Take me to the twilight zone, no lights on,
At the altitude where u be seein all the kites flown,YUP
Family concerned and convinced that my mind gone,
And they right, last night first class flights gone,HEY
Mommy why the fuck the flowypier gotta mouth now,
Conversatin why I'm layin on the ground now,
about face told me to get out now
See the revolution of tomorrow in the clouds now,
So far gone, but I'm not Drizzy,
Cleveland's own but I'm not Bizzy,
Nope no bone well then who is he?
I don't even know anymore I swear i done went crazy (BAHH)
All this talk about the life and the ice in the right hands could get u the dream and a nice tan
But they don't say is the price is ya life plus a slice of ya soul as man and ya right hand,
21 as long the cards set right,
Drop on my saliva gave my card deck life,
Queen of hearts tryna take away my best type,
The Ace of Spade make a muthafucka bet right,
Creepy crawlers tryna sneak up gimme bed bites,
Hide under the cover keep intruders out my bed life,
Hug the pillow keep it tucked under my head tight,
So the toothfairy cannot get up in my head, night
So turn me on
You set me free
Just look inside your speakers
And there you'll see me
Uh, there I go
2 clicks north of the bronx
Whoever thought she would found love in a stereo
2 headphones and a box
She gets me up
Every morning on the walk to school
She ain't worried bout these other little kids
Cause she told me
Everyday they sayin something new
And you always got the illest kicks
Boom Boom tat
And she takes me out
Just so the block can see
Told me she wanted the world to know
So she makes me loud
Now the whole block wants me
But I'm all hers
And she's all mine
And even though her parents don't like me inside
Whenever her daddy comes around
We just hide
Cause she doesn't wanna sleep without me that's why
I said
So turn me on
You set me free
Just look inside your speakers
And there you'll see me
So turn me on
You can set me free
Just look inside your speakers
And there you'll find me
There you'll find me
Yeah, and she loves my sound
It's why I'm always around
One of the most popular girls
In the class
Cause whenever we're together we attract the crowd
Yeah and she got me down
Touches the right place when I'm fizzling out
And all of her friends love me
Cause at all of the parties
I make em bounce b-bounce
Uh, if I play the right song
She might take it off
Meaning her clothes
You know I love it when she keeps the lights on
Play the music soft
Yeah so that's what I do
Anything for my boo
But when I hear the knock on the door
I Shhh-shut up
Cause I know my cue
But when they gone
I'm back at it
She loves this song
So I blast it
Dad gets home
I hide in the cabinet
Flip my switch
Like gymnastics
Uh and I'm a always be there for you
You just gotta find my plug
I'll be right here waiting for you in the middle of these speakers
If you ever wanna find my love
So
So turn me on
You set me free
Just look inside your speakers
And there you'll see me
So turn me on
You can set me free
Just look inside your speakers
And there you'll find me
There you'll find me
Uh, and she gets older
But I stay the same
And as she grows up
Her opinions change
Now shes off at college
Where there are the ones like me
I just hope that one day she'll come back
To hear another song from me
But till then
I just sit in her room and collect dust
Thinkin about us
Waitin for the day she'll push my buttons
And I feel her touch
And get that rush
But I'm not what she needs
So I power down
Then right at that moment
I was found
Hello, her little sister walked in
Knew it was love at first sight
Caught a little twinkle in her eye when I made a sound
She snuck back in the same night
And even though she knows that she wasn't allowed
I know all she wanna do is be near me
One thing is that I felt the same
Wanna tell her but she can't hear me
So I said
So turn me on
You set me free
Just look inside your speakers
And there you'll see me
So turn me on
You can set me free
Just look inside your speakers
And there you'll find me
There you'll find me
Kells
I close my eyes 
Woke up and I saw my dreams
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dreams
Yeah, and they told me
All the glitters ain't gold
But I really wanna shine right now
And they told me the the sky's the limit
So I wonder if I can fly right now
Yeah, so I spread my wings
Jumped up and lived my dreams
I used to always say that I'd be fly
Now I got my head high
In the sky where the airplanes be
And now I'm reachin up for the stars
Almost there
Told me I was dreamin too big
I almost care
Till I hopped in my spaceship
And left the matrix
Through a place where there's no more air
And now I go to sleep
Wherever they wanna be
Openin my eyes seein what they wanna see
And I never aged one year
Still a grown ass kid
You could never tell me what I'm gonna be
Cuz I might wake up
And wanna be king
And see the president 
And wanna be the same thing
Or maybe be a pilot
And find my own island
With a million dollars that I earned last spring
And of course
You know I'd have the worlds prettiest girl
Waitin for me when I go away
An when I get back
Ima kiss her like the very first time
And take her to the malls and say
I want it
I close my eyes 
Woke up and I saw my dreams
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dreams
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
Uh, lights out and the whole city comes to life
See a star shoot past make a wish hope it comes tonight
But until then
Pack my bags put my headphones on
So everything can turn into a dream
And reality seems like I ain't been in my bed for so long
I just wanna fly so high
And escape the real
Into a world that is all made up
So turn my alarm clock off
And lock the door
I wanna sleep until I cant wake up
Now with that being said
Bring me all the girls in the world
In a pool in my penthouse suite
And open up the shades
Get a view of the world
Out a window up 85,000 feet
And then we jump
Lava lamps floatin around us
I guess gravity never found us
They always said whatever you do remain grounded
But Ive always been in the clouds my worlds groundless
So we go up, up, up we gone
And I don't wanna come back down
So Ima do whatever whenever however I gotta do it
To feel like I do right now
Cuz every days good
Every nights great
Yesterdays lobster
Tonight its steak
Spendin my whole life
Lookin for my place
I'm a star
Shoulda known that it was up in space
We all came out of the womb cryin
I ended up shinin
Tell me what you think 'bout that
My life did a whole 360
Front to back
Now I get whatever I want in one snap
And I want it
I close my eyes 
Woke up and I saw my dreams
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dreams
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
And they told me
All that glitters ain't gold 
But I really wanna shine right now
Cant believe this real life
And they told me the sky's the limit
So I wonder if I can fly right now
Cant believe this real life
Yeah all the glitters ain't gold 
But I really wanna shine right now
Cant believe this real life
And they told me the sky's the limit 
So I wonder if I can fly right now
I close my eyes 
Woke up and I saw my dreams
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dreams
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
I close my eyes 
Woke up and I saw my dreams
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dreams
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
They said I got
24 hours in a dream right?
Well Imma show these people how to dream right
I go to sleep when I wanna live my real life
Cuz wakin up doesnt feel right
So I spend every single moment
Im awoken dreaming on
Teachers pinching me like what is goin on?
And I tell em I'm fine
But they say that I'm wrong
They ask me wheres my mind at
I tell em that it's gone
Somewhere in the crowds of the big city
At all of the shows I got em singin loud wit me
And every night I see fireflies, No owls city
Feet dont ever touch the ground
I'm in cloud city
Lookin back I guess I always had a little less
But I always had the biggest heart in this little chest
My auntie told me I would make it
Just a little guess
Now littles just an understatement
I'm one of the best
I'm one in a million
Look what I achieve
I beat the statistics
I simply believed
Cuz I remember back when people never tried to hear me in my school
And now they like "that kid went to my highschool"
Damn
If you ever thought that you won't make it
As soon as it gets hard you just can't take it
No matter what you're going through keep waiting
Cuz you gon' make it
You gon' make it
Everybody sing
And this is for anyone with a dream
For the single mothers workin you a queen, tell 'em
And this is for the kids who never believed
Matter fact I dedicate this to the streets, sing
Hold up
Let me put my cool back on
Wouldn't be here without my team I put my crew back on
And I'm a rapper but I will not but the jewels back on
My fans love Kells
Let me put the fool back on
No shirt jumping all over the house
Running wild, food hanging out my mouth
Looking like a child
Like I don't know my age
Cuz all I do is smile
And instead of turning new leaves
I jump into the pile
Thats why I kiss my daughter every chance I get
And thank her mother for sticking with me through all this shit
Dead broke in the store traging cans for cents
Almost famous tatted on my now I can't forget
So I dedicate this to the mothers with the kids
To the fathers doing biz
To the teenagers who dont know what having a parent is
To the workers washing dishes
And the players on the benches 
With bigger ambitions you can do it listen
If you ever thought that you won't make it
As soon as it gets hard you just can't take it
No matter what you're going through keep waiting
Cuz you gon' make it
You gon' make it
Everybody sing
And this is for anyone with a dream
For the single mothers workin you a queen, tell 'em
And this is for the kids who never believed
Matter fact I dedicate this to the streets, sing
And this is for
And this is for
And this is for
And this is for
Anyone with a dream
And this is for 
And this is for
And this is for
And this is for
And this is for
The kids who never believed
I dedicate this to the streets sing
I dedicate this to the streets sing
I dedicate this to the streets sing
I dedicate this to the streets sing
Coming out the Midwest Side!
Come join the movement, man!
Welcome!
To a little city in the middle like malcolm,
Walk anywhere i want its Kells,
And if they got a problem with me god help them,
I go hard!
See me in a regular ship
In the crib, fuckin around with a regular bitch, 
Never Hollywood i still with my regular click,
King of my city, still on some regular shit!
Im in this man, live this man,
Ask my town they witnessed man,
All my haters finished them,
See my ass, they kissed it now!
Fuck these hoes!
Fuck these hoes!
One more time like, fuck these hoes!
Tatted it on my arm now everybody knows
Bitch I'm from the double O,
Where no other kid on the block runnin like me,
Don't nobody shoot movies about us,
Cause aint shit about us is pretend,
So if you can stand the heat,then get the fuck up out the kitchen!
Another young soul gon' missing,
When you step into the 
Midwest Side! You know how we ride,
You know how we ride, comin out the Midwest Side!
Midwest Side! Midwest Side! Midwest Side!
Midwest Side! You know how we ride,
Bitch I'm from the, bitch I'm from the,
I tell these haters, I tell um,
I tell um, I tell um, I tell um!
Check my sleeves,boy
Sleeves, boy 
This is how I live, boy
I dont want no one, twos or threes, boy
Call me keino reeves, boy 
Eastside what i breath, boy
You aint with it, please, boy
get, get up off your knees, boy!
Release my N U T's, boy
I fuck with them leaves, boy
Yellow, purple, green, boy,
Interstate 75, bring me what I need, boy
Smoke up all the trees, boy
I'm a C.O.E, boy,
Shot down to the D, boy!
Shut out to the D boys!
Wisconsin whats happenin 
Drove right over to Minneapolis, said whatsup to Indiana,
Fuck my bitch down there in Kansas
Midwest side, I swear to god I'll die for this and thats my word
Rollin down 271 flipping the bird!
E.S.T, bitch!
Midwest Side! Midwest Side! Midwest Side!
Midwest Side! You know how we ride,
Bitch I'm from the, bitch I'm from the,
I tell these neighbors, I tell her,
I tell her, I tell her, I tell her!
You know how we ride!
They tried sleepin on the front coast
And these 808 woke them the fuck up.
Lace up till you face up
E. S. T to the death, you whack, bitch!
And I aint the Midwest Congressman!
Kells!!
I'm all alone
In the unknown
So on my own
Someone help me in my escape
I'm all alone (uh)
What I'm gon' do now?
I'm going through withdrawls
from this lonliness
I'm captain of my ship
without a crew now
Sinkin in the deep end
I ain't even in the pool
broke the mirror cuz I'm sick
of knowing all I got is you now
My knuckles bleeding
My back is against the wall
screaming at my shadows
they ain't saying nothing at all
I'm going crazy
conversation when nobody talks
So tell me how my ears are ringing
when ain't nobody's called
huh? yeah
But in this life of mine
Friends are expendable
living in a life of crime
Every morning pillows soaking
from the nights of crying
Knowing the choice is either jail or dying
but here we go
here we go 
down this lonely road
Searching further
for something more
In this dark world
I'm so alone
Can someone rescue me from my own
I'm all alone
In the unknown
So on my own
Someone help me light the way
I'm all alone
In the unknown
So on my own
Someone help me in my escape
I'm all alone
yeah, in a position I wasnt ready to take
pushin the countless decisions
I wasnt ready to make
but I do it
refuse it, I cant
its stupid as fate
this is the life I chose 
and I dont have room for mistakes
but everyday I wanna give up
stomach hurtin like I did a sit up
anxiety tightens my throat like a hiccup
Thinking about the things in my past
I cant get rid of
every single thing I eat I gotta spit up
and every time I get up
my world is spinning
so where am I facing
cant stop thinking
my mind is racing
somebody come get me outta here
cuz now my only hopes of escaping
is the sound of a (bang) 
please save me
here we go 
down this lonely road
Searching further
for something more
In this dark world
I'm so alone
Can someone rescue me from my own
I'm all alone
In the unknown
So on my own
Someone help me light the way
I'm all alone
In the unknown
So on my own
Someone help me in my escape
I'm all alone
Where do I start?
to begin
when I thought I couldn't win
I gave back in
to my self
I cant wish it away
maybe another day
I'll wish this away
I'm all alone
In the unknown
So on my own
Someone help me light the way
I'm all alone
In the unknown
So on my own
Someone help me in my escape
I'm all alone
(I can say that I made it, cause in my heart I'm the greatest
I've been through it all)
This song is for everyone out there
Who's ever made it through the hard times
For everyone who's ever had to struggle
For what they wanted in life
This song is for everyone
Who had to sit through the dark days
Before they saw the light
For everyone who's been through it all
Shout out to my fans, man
This one's for y'all, baby!
Uhh, I been through it all
Crazy, because I never thought I'd say that (Naw)
The cost to be the boss, never thought I'd pay that (Not at all)
Headed to the top, without the friends I've had since way back
Near death experiences, watching my life play back
Damn, and I have never sold a brick
But I can show you where to get it
Like I can show you how to flip
My whole life has been a hustle
Since momma bounced on her kid
And I ain't never scared of drama
I was born up in the shit (Let's go)
Cause it was once upon a time, mu'fucker
We were fine and I was just a little snobby mu'fucker (Right?)
Then it changed, now these people wanna rob me mu'fucker (Oh)
New environment, now Pops' like "Get a job muh fucker!" (Whoo)
Yeah, so I did that, wasn't with that, so I quit that
Told them about my dreams and then they laughed
But I spit that, fire
Couldn't deny it, so the choir that would chip, yeah (What they do?)
Shut it up, and still I won't forget that
Man fuck y'all!
And I won't put that behind me (Behind me)
Even though I left the past (Past)
And I'm still the kid now (Now)
Even though I left the class (Class)
I'm on, and it took everything from A to Z to do it
So anything I'm talking, I've been through it
I've been through it all
I've been through it all
Had to hustle just to make it through the struggle
But I still won't let that get me down
Put my feelings in the music
So the world can hear me all around
Every town and every city
Every state and every country
I can say that I made it
Cause in my heart I'm the greatest
Because I been through it all
Look, in April I was born, at 14 I was a felon (Uhuh)
By 18, I had been to more funerals than a reverend (Damn)
And right when I felt like I'd give it up, look what they sent me
My beautiful baby girl straight outta heaven
And I loved you girl
And even though that was never part of the plan
And people doubted it because of who I am
Fuck, I hope they understand
That at 19 with the world in my hands
I stepped up and handled that shit like a man
I've been homeless, I've been broke
Done every drug 'cept for coke
I done fought for my life, been jumped, shot at, and more
I've been rich and I've been poor
Had to steal from the store on nights there wasn't shit to eat
And seen my best friends go
Damn, so what the fuck could you possibly say to me? (Huh?)
The verdict is I'm the truth, but you can thank today's jury (Yup)
But if you wanna judge, come walk a mile in my chucks
But the world sucks, better Lace Up, uhhgk
I've been through it all
Had to hustle just to make it through the struggle
But I still won't let that get me down
Put my feelings in the music
So the world can hear me all around
Every town and every city
Every state and every country
I can say that I made it
Cause in my heart I'm the greatest
Because I been through it all
Okay, I've been made out be a monster
But the only thing aggressive about me
Is the will that I have to conquer
I told them I was the best
And they doubted, but no longer
Out of all the starving artists
They could hear my hunger (Sup?)
And if that's wrong then I don't wanna be right
I'm always dreaming so I'm gone in the night (Shhh)
And now it's reality
I'm calling home like "I'll be gone on this flight"
But how can I contact a place that doesn't exist in my life?
Home, I guess that I'll just be alone for the ride
And live vicariously through another's eyes
Adding on to the list of the lies
So my girl doesn't trust me for shit
Probably cause after my momma left I ain't trusted a chick
Shit, and my father drowning his problems with the bottle
While I'm praying my auntie can see tomorrow
Cause cancer ain't a joke
And I just lost one of my best friends to the pen
So I don't wanna live again
I been through it
I've been through it all
Had to hustle just to make it through the struggle
But I still won't let that get me down
Put my feelings in the music
So the world can hear me all around
Every town and every city
Every state and every country
I can say that I made it
Cause in my heart I'm the greatest
Because I been through it all
And if you ever have a dream
Don't be scared to chase that shit, man
You can have whatever you want in this life
Don't let anyone tell you different
And shoutout to my fans for helping me achieve my dreams
Kells
Twice I turned my back on you
I fell flat on my face but didn't lose
Was it the blue night
Gone fragile?
Was it above the man
In a wonder steady going under?
Tell 'em drain the pool I'm sinking fast
Come and save my life before it pass
Scratching at the surface
But the bottom's where I'm at
Only place my addiction will tell me
That I'm free at last
So why the fuck you playing with my head?
I said I'm done
Any and everything I had is gone
I said you won
You promised that we'd only be together for a minute
Then we finished
But my life had passed another year
Why the fuck is you in it?
Bitch, I gave up everything for you
Even my house
Now I'm begging on a nightly basis
To sleep on the couch
My counselor said I need to find a way
To block the pain
I told him it was already too late
She is in my veins and he said
Tell me what led you on
I'd love to know
Well, it's just that
When I felt her the first time, I flew
Nobody gives me the high that she do
See, we fight all the time
And she leaves bruises on my arms
But the way she makes me feel inside
That girl can do no wrong
Now all my family hates me
Since I started fucking with her
And all my friends done left me
'Cause they jealous that I'm with her
I tried to break it off
But she gets me back with the feel
After everything she did
Why the fuck do I love that needle?
Please help me
Twice I turned my back on you
I fell flat on my face but didn't lose
Look, this love's killing me literally
Every time I start to pick you up you finish me
Used to love waking up in the mornings and feeling you
Now I'm just ashamed wearing long sleeves concealing you
Bitch, you wasn't shit
How the fuck could you do this?
Now my fucking life is ruined
I'mma kill you, bitch, I'll do it
So I tie it up
Stick that shit up in my skin
And overdose on your love
So I can't have it again
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
They ask why I do not come round, come round
Cause I'll be grindin' till the sun down, sun down, sun down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
I got no friends I'm strung out, strung out
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
This my world above the earth surface
Where the grass is somehow greener and weathers always perfect
Questionable lifestyle, but they all know for certain
That we just don't give a fuck, cause we condone cursing
I wanna get that dream and live my life
With no Rihanna, no T.I.,
I'm just living for today
No tomorrow, no pause, no karma, real shit, no persona
I'm enjoying every pussy like a virgin or Madonna
And I took it from the basement, yeah
All the way to first place and I'm feeling good
Need a somebody to save me from the cavemen running my neighbourhood
Now I never wanna come back, I don't wanna touch, smell or feel the crowd
I just wanna live with my alter ego in my world of sound
Where it feels like the world is spinning round,
And angels asking if I'll be coming down
I don't know if I wanna do that,
Because up on this planet is where I grew at
They ask why I do not come round, come round
Cause I'll be grindin' till the sun down, sun down, sun down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
I got no friends I'm strung out, strung out
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll
My flow powers infinite,
With the clouds showers infamy
Cowards devour instantly
On every hour literally
But this is our symphony,
And when you know it's time to end with me
Just make sure that when I'm gone my child lives for me
And if we blow let's talk in show, take it all the way up there
I'm a man of many moves so in space I'm prepared
Landed on the planet,
But shit I'm already from here
So when I'm classified as alien I don't care
Peace out to the citizens I'm gone
Let the other solar system know I'm home
ET from the CLE believe my adrenaline is ready for the long haul
It's lonely up in outer space,
Get me out of here
Cause when I'm grounded everyone the same everywhere
Which is why I must be foreign with it. Why?
Cause it's like most these rappers boring with it
So what you saying?
So to keep everybody from snoring in it,
I'mma heal the game put neosporin in it
They ask why I do not come round, come round
Cause I'll be grindin' till the sun down, sun down, sun down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll,
I got no friends I'm strung out, strung out
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
Now one more time, fella
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll
Do what you do man, fuck everybody else you know
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll
So high, I need to come down, come down, come down
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
It ain't what it seems
No, I'm just chasing after my dreams ya'll.
Ay Dub
I think It's 'bout time we put on for the city man
They lookin like we forgot or somethin'
Never that
Man I'm so Cleveland It's a god damn shame
So east side I'm a god damn gang
Said you ain't heard about my god damn name
Better ask around here I'm a god damn king
Man I put my work in these god damn streets
Earned my stripes like a god damn beast
Tatted up no shirt still got sleeves
And I'm good from the heights to 116th
Mother fucker this me
Kells
Fuck the fame
Still roll through the blocks where they up them thangs
With the same hoes that tatted up my name
I'm still the little white boy
Outta shaker man
I go hard
Go in
Dunk
But you don't wanna test my G
Because I got 1 (thou)
2 (thou)
3 (thou)
4 thousand soldiers at EST
Bow bow
Yeah yeah
You know I put it down for
Cleveland
I rep my state my hood my side of town in
Cleveland
King of this shit that's why I wear my crown in
Cleveland
So don't come around Cleveland
Bet bitch I'm from Cleveland
Tatted it on my arm you know I'm reppin
Cleveland
This where I'm from, you wanna hate don't step in
Cleveland
Laced up
I gotta keep on running
Bet bitch I'm from Cleveland 
I said bet bitch I'm from Cleveland
Okay I done came from a long way
Fuck yall I love where I stay
Cleveland the city put the penny to the side
You know how we ride
Ay hatin on me no hatin on your mama
Cuz she birthed you
And you ain't worth a dolla
She show us hope 
Put kush in my throat
Gettin money rollin nigga later
Rollin in my high line
DUBO
Do I know you?
I don't know
Do I know you?
East side lets go I can show you
West side got 2's no pro tools
I know a couple niggas down the way
East high school yeah I went down the way
Ay now ay I put in Cleveland
Ever since then I been down to stay
I got a dag equipt
Now to snatch a bitch
Egg roll pringle now to stack my chips
Yup oh no I ain't play much
But EST be the team I pay for
I got love for the niggas that fuck with me
No love for the niggas don't fuck with me
It don't matter if I'm out of town
Everywhere I go I let 'em know I'm Cleveland bound
Yeah yeah
You know I put it down for
Cleveland
I rep my state my hood my side of town in
Cleveland
King of this shit that's why I wear my crown in
Cleveland
So don't come around Cleveland
Bet bitch I'm from
Cleveland
Tatted it on my arm you know I'm reppin
Cleveland
This where I'm from, you wanna hate don't step in
Cleveland
Laced up
I got keep on running
Cleveland
Bet bitch I'm from Cleveland 
I said bet bitch I'm from Cleveland
Man east side right here
Did crime right here
Blood, sweat tears I cried right here
Tatted my city to show pride right here
Lookin at it like this mine right here
So whatchu talkin bout I cant ride right here
You motha fuckas think I'm gon' hide right here?
Raised in this god damn city
No I wasn't born in it 
But believe I'm gon' die right here
Cleveland bred
Cleveland fed
My Cleveland girl give me Cleveland head
And anybody saying that Clevelands dead
Fuck yall
Tell em that's what Cleveland said
Cleveland fit
Cleveland hat
Anywhere I go's where Clevelands at
So when the world ends
I think yall know
Where we'll be at
Bitch right here in 
Cleveland
Yeah yeah
You know I put it down for
Cleveland
I rep my state my hood my side of town in
Cleveland
King of this shit that's why I wear my crown in
Cleveland
So don't come around Cleveland
Bet bitch I'm from Cleveland
Tatted it on my arm you know I'm reppin
Cleveland
This where I'm from, you wanna hate don't step in
Cleveland
Laced up
I got keep on running
Bet bitch I'm from Cleveland 
I said bet bitch I'm from Cleveland
Hold it down bitch
Midwest we hold it down bitch
And no one man is king of this city yall
Where I'm from we all royalty
EST biatch
Lace up
Kells
I put it all on the line and pray that god gets me through it, through it
Came here with nothin and I don't know any other way to do it
And it's my victory music, yeah, it's my victory music
I like the way this feels man, 
Kells bring it back to the map, right up in the middle of it is where you finding me at
Labels wanna holla , this is where they're signing me at
Cause my city told me they need me so I'm grindin for that
Same clothes, same street, same chuck, same feet
Same kid I used to be moppin the floors up every week
I paid the cost to be the boss 
Let's just say I ain't cheap, cause now the same kid is living off a check from every beat
I'm from middle west but I don't forget where they're from
What they're representing at their home mines just tatted on my arm
And I forever be about it as long as air is in my lungs 
Speaking to you as the kid and I'm as real as they come
I made a dollar out of cents got a whole nation's respect 
Before I was 18 and I did that without a check
See I used to be a lame now I'm posted in the game, in a top spot
Tough drop, money ain't a thing
I put it all on the line and pray that god gets me through it
Came here with nothin and I don't no any other way to do it
And it's my victory music, yeah, it's my victory music
Let me get them, west coast, let me get them, down side,
Let me get them, up north, let me get them, yeah
Let me get them, where's that, let me get them, east coast
Let me get them, middle west, let me get them, go
Yeah, dedicated to my fans and everyone who wanna see me win
I swear my life's a major motion picture from beginning to the end
Only thing is I ain't Hollywood and this here is pretend
Haters try and pull me down but I'm too high up in the air
Here I'm trying top down but I'm too high to even care
I'm on top of the world and I got my baby girl here
She don't worry about a thing as long as daddy's right there 
Yeah, from the bentches to the league, fought through hell and back to get a dream
Cause there's a lightweight, you gotta learn to use your pounds right
From the bottom to the top this is for victory sounds like 
I put it all on the line and pray that god gets me through it
Came here with nothin and I don't know any other way to do it
And it's my victory music, yeah, it's my victory music
And they say they know me
'The fuck outta here
Only god knows what I been through man
So if you wanna talk
Get your facts straight first
And if you really wanna know
Let me ask you something
Have you ever walked in the shoes of a giant?
Or had to fill the position of a boss
Before you were even a client?
It's no wonder growing up under the roof of a tyrant
That I would be the poster boy for defiance
Now I'm the voice of the silence
Fuck being quiet
I've seen 20 years worth of violence
I'm tired
It's a burden for me to open my eyelids
Not an undercover cop
But it's safe to say that I'm wired
I can't even get a grip of my life with pliers
I'm fucked up in the head
Close my eyes 'cause I see demons 'round my bed
So depressed open 'em up hoping I'm dead
Thought the fame would make it better
But it only fucked me over
Never used to touch a bottle
Now I'm hardly ever sober
People wanna be my friend?
But where the fuck were y'all when I was 10
Eleven and twelve getting bullied
And beat up in the gym
I couldn't ever get a girl
Now all a sudden I'm the man
Students try to get back cool with me again
Fuck 'em all
Because guess where they gon' be
When my records stop playing
Gone with the wind
Off in the record shops sayin'
That Kells fell off
I knew it would happen
Stop hating
'Cause a month ago you was all over my jock
Saying that I'm that motherfucker
But now I'm whack motherfucker?
Opinions change but you cannot change facts motherfucker
If you want bullet point than call me a gat a motherfucker
I lay my whole life out like a mat motherfucker
And I've experienced some things that would stop you from eating
My schizophrenic cousin tried to end my life while I'm sleeping
My bummy uncle wanna call now that he sees me succeeding
My momma left me for a teacher
Lost my dad to the preaching
Half my friends are buried 6 feet
All the rest in the precinct
Literally watched my grandmother die from diabetes
I guess my prayers were answered
When my aunt got cancer and beat it
Now I wanna get her outta job
Give her the garden of Eden
I did a lot of bad shit
God got even
But for the price I had to pay
I wish I'd stop breathing
My girl sat in the bath tub
8 hours bleeding
Hearing the doctor tell us our child's heart stopped beating
Fuck a million
I wouldn't take a dollar for a life
But I will do what's in my heart
And trade this dollar for a mic
I wrote this song in hopes
That it could help someone get through the night
With no intentions of getting paid
I'm just doing what is right
I do it for the fans
No the real fans
Who stuck with me through the storm
'Cause they understand
That there's a genuine pain
Behind the words I'm saying
And they embrace me
So I thank y'all for staying
Ain't it crazy?
That passion is my Achilles heel
Either that or keeping it way too real
But they don't know how it feels
To feed off the energy of a crowd
Step on stage and they get loud
And dad, I'mma make you proud
I know we don't speak right now
But I think turning new leaves what we need right now
I love you
And you may not see right now
But I'm begging for forgiveness
I'm on my knees right now
You saw your son as a dropout
Stuck around when I ran
Saw your son as a felon
Now see your son as a man
See your son be a father
To a beautiful child
Or just see your son dad
See me smile
Who would've thought what started at the bottom
Would someday grow
From 3 people in the crowd
Unpaid shows
6 people in the room
1 meal a day
Another opening act where no one knows my name
Saw the demos that I passed out
Laying on the ground
Saw the rappers I befriended copying my style
Saw opportunities passed
While these fakes got rich
Now I can't stop speeding
Like my brakes ain't shit
For 6 months I went through hell and back
Right at the height of my success
All of a sudden doctors said I couldn't rap
I had a polyp on my vocal chords
Left with a choice
Stop now or possibly lose my voice
But I woke up every morning
And recorded 'til my throat swelled shut
Coughed blood after every show
'Cause it hurt that much
I went weeks without even saying a word to myself
No health insurance so doctor bills piled up on the shelf
Rap for my daughter and my fam
And every single fan
I pushed through it now I'm back for y'all again
As for my competition
This the beginning of the end
But right now this is my return
Amen
Kells
And they say they know me
'The fuck outta here
We got the beat, we got the beat, we got th-
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
With your loud ass
While I turn shit up with my jump in the crowd ass
Well I burn burn shit up with my just cocked an eighth and you gon' watch me blow this loud pack
With you bitch don't come back and hear you're not a loud ass
Just shut the fuck up!
Bitch stop trying to be fly
Bitch take off them glasses
It's dark as fuck we ain't outside bitch
And bring some more of your bitches
Stop bringing guys
It's 3am, you either fuckin or get the fuck out my ride, bitch
We got the beat, cause we got the beat
Running my mind, cause we got the beat
Running my mind
We got the beat, we got the beat
Shut the fuck up
With your rap motto and sing ass
With your bitch, you don't do a damn thing ass
With you, "Oh my God I think I'm gonna come up on stage with you"
Bitch no you can't ask
With your "Can I like have a drink? "
Bitch no you can't ask
Just shut the fuck up!
Using my government name like you know me
Now I got 20 single dollars for whichever of you run up
And mix every one of them
Shut the fuck up!
We got the beat, cause we got the beat
Running my mind, cause we got the beat
Running my mind
We got the beat, we got the beat
Shut the fuck up!
With your wanna shake my hand ass
With your "Hey white boy, let me hear you rap" ass
With your 45 years old trying to be my fuckin mom "pull up your pants" ass
With my "Bitch pull 'em down and kiss my ass" ass
(Just shut the fuck up!)
With your online thuggin tryin to be tough
With your see my in the streets and say what's up "What's up? "
Only person even worthy of dissing me on the come up
Is my damn self, hey yo Kell shut the fuck up!
Only person even worthy of dissing me on the come up
Is my damn self, hey yo Kell shut the fuck up!
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
I'm an East side Cleveland wild boy (East side Cleveland wild boy)
Got baseball bats like the Indians and my team pop off like cowboys.
You're a white flag, throw that towel boy
I'm a jump right in that crowd boy
You're a Shhh! keep it down boy
And I'm a fuck you blow that loud boy
All I know is how to kill everyone and my cells
All they know is they can kill anybody but Kells
I am untouchable, you would think I was in jail
But I'm in Mexico getting marijuanna from Miguel.
Bring it back into the states, put in on the scale,
Measure out half an 8th put it in a shell.
Split it then I roll it then light it up like it's Independence Day.
I got a bottle rocket put it in the air
Snapback with my city on it, text back with your titties on it.
Levi's put your kiddie on it, start grindin' like The Clipses on it.
Drank until I get pissy beyotch, smoke until I get dizzy beeyatch
Lose control like Missy, but I'm a bad boy cause I'm with Diddy biiiiiiatch
There he go that's john doe [x3]
Never mind that's just Kells with that heat, no LeBron tho
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
(Bricksquad!) Oh here come that bullshit, beat a nigga's ass til the DJ stop the music
They say they want that wild shit, mosh pit, jump up in the crowd bitch, I'm so mother fuckin violent.
(Yeah Bitch) Yeah Bitch I'm with Steve-O, we busting bottles with bad bitches blowin' weed smoke.
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch I'm with Steve-O, royal rumble in the club John Cen-o
I'm screaming Riverdale everywhere I go. I throw them bands hoe, drop it low
Fuck 5-0 I make my own rules, Suck my dragon balls bitch, call me Goku
(Yeah!) This liquor got the best of me, (Yeah!) This liquor got the best of me.
Machine Gun Kelly, Flocka that's the recipe. You gon' need King Kong if you step to me
(Yeah) Cobain's back, (Yeah) Cobain's back, got these crazy white boys yellin' Cobain's back.
I call my weed Nirvana, smells like teen spirit
And my packs so fucking loud you can't hear it. Ahhhh
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a Wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a Wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
Uh, waiter bring another round please.
Bring that mother fucker back.
A couple more, they like it all please.
Cause y'all know how to act.
And I don't give a fuck, can I live?
Cause we be doin' too much shit,
Just a couple of kids from eastside of the 2-1-6
Bummin' a dollar and a dream real shit
Every day I wake, higher than the night before
Blackin' out every night on tour
5 a.m we jump into the pool with our drawers
'Til the cops come. Run, run, fuck the law.
And I was born to be wild,
Sex, rock and roll and weed piles
Runnin' from the oldest seniles.
Follow in my steps, then you walkin' a green mile
Trees in my pockets like my denims a greenhouse.
Lead my team town?
Tell me what's my age again?
How many hours 'til I rage again?
This is the story of a young boy and the page we in
Say that he off chasin' fame again,
And there he goes... almost... famous bitch.
The bittersweet between my teeth
Tryin' to find the in-betweens
Fall back in love eventually
Yeeaahhhhhh.
Uh, half naked and almost famous.
Wild nights and all those places.
I be, half naked and almost famous.
And when I get up I ain't changin',
Tell the world lace up, kells
Yea, come rage with the Machine bitch.
E.S.T the team bitch.
Never got a college degree,
Too busy raisin' hell like it was friday the 13th bitch.
Fuck clothes and fuck hoes
Hundred dollars worth of munchies, truckloads.
Eighty-nine cent slushy in the cuphold,
Don't know where I'm goin', but we gone... what's home?
Maybe I'll just mapquest my dream,
And it'll say the address was me.
So what I really wanted all alongs been camouflaged by deed?
I'm not a pro, I just dogged the lead?
California dreams,
Where we sick of boring cleveland weather man
Wishin' for heat, I guess I need to see the leather man?
Uh, I just wanna be young forever man
Rolling peter pan, light it up and let's hit Neverland.
Mother fucker I'm gone.
"I made up my mind
Don't need to think it over
If I'm wrong I am right
Don't need to look no further
This ain't lust, I know
This is love...
Should I give up?
Or, should I just keep chasing pavements,
Even if it leads no where?
Oh, would it be a waste?
Even if I knew my place?
Should I leave it there?
Should I give up?
Or should I just keep on chasing pavements?"
Fall asleep until the dream comes
Motherfuck reality
Happiness - I think I need some
So I overdose on fantasy
My life's euqation ain't complicated
Just a combination of hate is denominated as stated
No rest plus the cess and abuse to prescription meds
Times stressed equals out to be the motherfucking mess that is... Kells
The boy with no home
That's why I live in your speakers through this song
That's why they turn it up so loud the bass hits and
You can feel me when I'm gone
And when I die, spread my message like the Qu'ran
Motherfuckas gettin paid, I'm just tryna get saved
7 years of living crooked: I'm just tryna get straight
All the crack in my city even though these streets paved
Makes me wonder if I should let all my life dreams wait or should I...
Bored out of my mind: I need a fuckin job
But they ain't hiring shit, that's why I fuckin rob
Had to hustle cause unless you got them test scores
Colleges only coming around here looking for Brett Favre
For the next star, or if you 6'4''
And if you can pitch, but other than that shit you just pitch raw
That's what I'm pissed for
Cause if you ain't worth a couple of dollars
These scholars is looking at you like "what do we need him for?"
I'm saying: just because I ain't Kareem
You tellin me I should give up on my dream?
You telling me I ain't shit cause I ain't working for degrees? Or on a team?
This country's flag is a joke
That shit should be painted green
Tell me when is currency valued over a human being?
When we stand for nothing, we falling for anything
But EST for life and that's exactly what I'll scream
Misunderstood until they answer one thing - What's that? Kells!
"I can barely talk by the way.
My mouth is fucking closed.
I just had surgery.
You know Motha fucka just a record deal.
We got dental insurance now biotch!"
It's just uhh, trials and tribulations
This world is fuckin' crazy
When I'm screamin', 'free my man', the crowd's screaming "congratulations"
Cuz we came from couches, two family houses, to corporations
And I know these streets are a dead end, but these streets embraced me
People I fuck with call me 'Kellz', that's what the streets named me
Fuck where you think I'm from or how I live, the streets raised me
and fuck the world for hittin' my girl with that stray, and let the tears run down my face onto a casket after wakenin'
I'm thankful for livin' this long, cuz a lot of us don't make it
RIP to homie Rock who got shot right after graduation
and JoJo was an animal, I guess that's why they caged him
Caught in a vicious cycle of life as a young teenager
My history class is bullshit, they feed us false information
Fuck the founding fathers, millions died over Benjamin Franklin
My brother fought in Iraq, but it might as well been prison
Cuz he's home but his sanity didn't come wit him
Fuck the world screamin'..
I pledge allegiance, to the streets. Hold it down, keep it G
I gave the Lord, my soul to keep. That's why I'm still standin, in my Chuck T's
In my chuck T's. In my chuck t's. I'm still strong, in my chuck T's
I pledge allegiance, to the fans, to be the realest motherfucker that I can
That I can, that I can. Remain the realest motherfucker that I can
So when they lay me down to sleep, the last of a dying breed.. RIP
Jesus died for me, government lied to me
These people say they loyal, I just hope they ride for me
and if I die before I wake, then cry for me
and keep my motherfuckin' name alive for me
Now, I done seen some things that I would never tell my daughter
and did some shit that I'm ashamed of, forget of what I gotta
I know the Devil's hot, but I got something hotter
and my boys ain't from Jamaica, but they some fuckin' Shottas
We never start no fights, but we'll go to war
EST tatted on us, that's something will die for
These faggots had shit handed to em, but we earned it
Roll a J, yell out my window, Lace the Fuck Up then I burn it
Turned into the opposite of what they thought I would, skippin' classes
Voice of a revolution of troubled youth, kiss our asses
and if government conspiracies are lies, then why the dollar got the all seeing eye?
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call, the final call
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call
Came in no clout small bank and my big mouth
Small name but these big shots know just' what this kids bout
I said shit then I ment shit, corenor I dead shit
I treat hoes just like hoes that through bones go fetch shit
I'm pitbull, that x shit, that goin in at they neck shit
That we gon have a problem if I am not on the next shit
'Cause I wreck shit can't tame me I'm eminem and I'm jay z
I'm a renegade this rap shit me and all my boy like a-team
Fuck wrong with y'all this is my warning shot so I better see you ghost
Boy I'm from the c-l-e-v-e-l-a-n-d and I will be reppin that until I die
And you either with me or riding against me so lemme know put them l's up in the sky lace up
Call me the man, no better yet call me the kid
'Cause ain't nobody this young done what I did
'Cause ain't nobody this young go through the shit I went through these past couple years and lived.
Y'all suckers, hickey shit,
I'm a real rockstar nikki sixx
I'm minajin y'all jus watching got damn y'all nikki's bitch
Can the game get anymore corny?
Can the fame get anymore boring?
Can any lame y'all think is dope put out garbage and make it easy for me?
Is it possible for anyone to adore me,
Is it possible for anyone to record me
So I can address all the people that took my clothes, videos, songs and put em out before me
And it's impossible to die
Possibly to live with the endless lyrics? somebody call the paramedics
Somebody call the fucking paramedics
Is it even possible to lack the academics to get the credit in the city and never spend a minute in a class
Fuck that kiss my ass, drink til it's pitch black roll it up let me hit it.
Time, one more time
One more time
One more time
One more...
Yeah, we gunna do it uh
For the nights in the past we ain't do enough
For the unforgettable nights we couldn't take in
Cause we were to busy guzzlin the gin
All in, til we spew it up
My city love me so whenever I'm home
I get the messages saying that it is on
Tell my homie Seven order up another zone
me and Dubo getting high, Slim pouring the patron
In the club nights, the rock boys in the building bitch
Muther fuck VIP
I'm trying to see all the girls in the crowd get wild
And which one of em is trying to suck D-I-C
Somebody go and tell the DJ to play my shit
"Man I'm so Cleveland", yeah thats my shit
Bottles all gone, take a few more sips
All these hoes got money, so I'm filthy rich
Rich, yup they rich, and they love to spend it all on my click
They know we don't like clothes so they strip
Sign my name all across they tits, shit
Now where we at next? I don't know but wherever we go don't dress
Half naked and my chucks still fresh
Half baked but I'm not no chef
Yes, let me hit it one more time like Brittany
Let me get 9 more shots like fifty
Bitch I hustle, but I ain't Nipsey
Bitch I rage, who gets tipsy?
Last call for alcohol
So all the hoes go and get in my bed
And I say hoes cuz I mean more than one
Ima freak, so girl go and grab your friend, kellz
One more time, kellz, kellz, kellz
One more time [x4]
Smokin out, pourin up
Keep a drink up in my cup [x3]
Smokin out, pourin up
LACE THE FUCK UP!
And I'm, back on my bullshit
Walk in the room can you smell that ugh shit
Speed it up in a giant red bull shit
'93 Michael Jordan red bull shit
And I'm so MVP, Derrick Rose ain't got shit on me
And I fuck like a porn star
All of the girls no I don't play ball
But they know that I got that D
I am on Jets, no NYC
Now I'm in stores like FYE
Saw my face on MTV
She suckin with no hands like an amputee
God dammit I'm me, dammit I'm Kellz
I don't cuff hoes, what I look like jail?
I just fuck hoes, and I fuck them well
And make them pay me, call that bail
Bottles on me like a newborn
Gotta put the crew on
Pull up to the party in an all black Yukon
Presidential shit, but I don't got a suit on
No shirt, gotta keep it hot like Tucson
And I rage, and I rage, better than yall
Any day, any place, bet I go hard
Step into the party and the cameras go awe
Little bit of liquor when I'm in my drawers
Oh naw, hell naw
I am wilder than a muther fuckin raina
I can smoke all your weed dude, can't I?
I be smoking shit that make you do the macarena
I be on the east side, i be with the gangstas
I be fucking your bitch, she is a complaina
Cuz she be screamin real loud like a singa
Let me hit it, let me hit it, one more time
New messages... Hey yo Kells this is Puff man. A yo what the fuck did y'all do to my crib last night man?! I lent you the keys for 24 fucking hours, cause y'all mother fucking nigga's got kicked out of all the hotels on the east coast. I'm trying to be a hospitable mother fucker, I lend y'all the keys I come back to my house me and my chick and there ain't no mother fucking front door man! What the fuck did y'all do with the front door man!? Then I walk in the house me and her we thirsty been out all day want some mother fucking Croc y'all nigga's drink up all the Croc. You got empty Croc bottles in my shit. At least throw the shits in the garbage, and then this is what takes the cake. When I was showing you the crib, you know I told you about my mother fucking Corinthian white leather couch that cost me seventy five thousand dollar's from Florance Italy. Y'all mother fuckers done tagged it up with a magic marker saying laced up! I don't know where the fuck y'all think your at, y'all like some Bob Derrick Cleavland nigga's. Man y'all gotta have a little bit of class and pay some respect, this is Corinthian leather from Florence! Somebody done wrote laced up on that shit the only thing that's about to be laced up is my foot up one of your mother fuckers asses! I'm madder than a mother fucker and I will be deducting this Corinthian seve... End of message... New messages... Ya and don't think your getting away with that shit if I can't get this, magic marker out of my seventy five thousand dollar white Corinthian imported from Florence couch. I will be making sure that shit is recoup-able mother fucker, but for real the only thing I'm really mad about is if y'all mother fuckers would of been raging this hard you could have gave a nigga a mother fucking heads up! So I could of stayed and raged with you cause if that's surely the way you rage I can't wait till I borrow your house I'm gonna burn that mother fucker down man! I'm proud of y'all mother fuckers for real this some real fly shit y'all have totally fucked my house up! LACE UP BITCH! BAD BOY! EST! A yo mother fucker bring my front door back.
I said it before
I say it again:
Rock, rock, rock!
Who want what?
I got a couple dance with my mans in a...
Think at a couple dance...
We're in the...
Yeah, I brought this mother fucker down
... you all fall down
I'm a show 'em what I got,
Make your door fall now! I just want, I just want
I just want, I just want
I just want, I just want
I just want, I just want
I said it before
I say it again:
Rock, rock, rock!
Welcome to the rage,
Welcome to the...
Welcome to the stay!
I got a bottle... anybody hates
I'm a pick it... mother fucker...
Oh, shit! yeah, bitch!
Tell me... what a fuck?
Don't know about that! what, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
The shit, here we go!
I said it before
I say it again:
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
The shit, here we go!
Rock, rock!
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
Yeah, and they told me
All that glitters ain't gold
But I really wanna shine right now
And they told me the the sky's the limit
So I wonder if I can fly right now
Yeah, so I spread my wings
Jumped up and lived my dreams
I used to always say that I'd be fly
Now I got my head high
In the sky where the airplanes be
And now I'm reachin' up for the stars
Almost there
Told me I was dreamin' too big
I almost care
Till I hopped in my spaceship
And left the matrix
To a place where there's no more air
And now I go to sleep
Wherever they wanna be
Openin' my eyes seein' what they wanna see
And I never aged one year
Still a grown ass kid
You could never tell me what I'm gonna be
Cause I might wake up
And wanna be king
And see the president
And wanna be the same thing
Or maybe be a pilot
And buy my own island
With a million dollars that I earned last spring
And of course
You know I'd have the worlds prettiest girl
Waitin' for me when I go away
And when I get back
I'm a kiss her like the very first time
And take her to the malls and say
I want it all
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
Uh, lights out and the whole city comes to life
See a star shoot past make a wish hope it comes tonight
But until then
Pack my bags put my headphones on
So everything can turn into a dream
And reality seems like I ain't been outta my bed in so long
I just wanna fly so high
And escape the real
Into a world that is all made up
So turn my alarm clock off
And lock the door
I wanna sleep until I can't wake up
Now with that being said
Bring me all the girls in the world
In a pool in my penthouse suite
And open up the shades
Get a view of the world
Out a window up 85, 000 feet
And then we jump
Lava lamps floatin' around us
I guess gravity never found us
They always said whatever you do remain grounded
But I've always been in the clouds my worlds groundless
So we go up, up, up we gone
And I don't wanna come back down
So I'm a do whatever whenever however that I gotta do it
To feel like I do right now
Cause every days good
Every nights great
Yesterdays lobster
Tonight it's steak
Spendin' my whole life
Lookin' for my place
I'm a star
Shoulda known that it was up in space
We all came out of the womb cryin'
I ended up shinin'
Tell me what you think 'bout that
My life did a whole 360
Front to back
And now I get whatever I want in one snap
And I want it all
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
And they told me
All that glitters ain't gold
But I really wanna shine right now
Can't believe this real life
And they told me the sky's the limit
So I wonder if I can fly right now
Can't believe this real life
Yeah all the glitters ain't gold
But I really wanna shine right now
Can't believe this real life
And they told me the sky's the limit
So I wonder if I can fly right now
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
Living life like a movie scene
Let me tell you what it feels like
I close my eyes
Woke up and I saw my dream
And I feel so free
Can't believe this real life
I am on fire, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
I am on fire, yeah, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
Tell me why that everything that's bad feels so fuckin good? Devil in a red dress, she killin' me I knew she would. So bury me one foot for every inch of heel she's wearin'. UGH, I'm in lust still I can't trust this bitch, but I keep on starin'. What? Matter of fact, fuck that no emotions let's get high as fuck. I don't need a light she fire me up, pullin' out white like a styrofoam cup, no haircut but she lines me up. What the fuck? I don't even do this shit. What would happen if my friends knew this shit? And why the hell can't I refuse this bitch? This shit is crazy.
I am on fire, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
I am on fire, yeah, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
She got her legs spread wide for the kid and she beggin' me to come and get up in it, touchin' herself, while I took off of my 11s. Gotta a girl back home, and she callin' every minute. So I pick up like, "Bitch! Mind your motha fuckin business! " I'm serious. I'm trippin'. No, literally I'm trippin' out of all those drinks anything could've slipped in. Not to mention what she had me sniffin'. But she grabbed my dick, told me to forget about it and bit my lip. I told her, "Turn around while I turn the music loud. Whenever the bass hits then you strip." And then she did, but she pulled a little baggie out of her panties and put a pill on her breast. My mind said no, my dick said yes. I'm willin' to do whatever to feel her sex. This shit is crazy.
I am on fire, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
I am on fire, yeah, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
And she told me, "Speed it up, fuck me good, beat this pussy up like you should. Lay back down, keep it up, lemme show you how a real bitch do." All she wanna do is get dick and run. All I wanna do with this chick is cum. I've been in the pussy for about 2 hours, but I can't feel my shit, I'm numb. Her legs shakin' and my legs do the same, but it moves to my chest, to my brain, to the nerves in my face, so I can't feel that motha fucka. This ain't novocaine, bitch quit playin'. I don't even know your name. What the fuck you do to me? She said, "I'm the same one sellin' Oz. to Mike P and the one that made you OD." You stupid bitch...
I am on fire, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
I am on fire, yeah, I feel like I can't stop burnin.
Open my phone up, every day to 80 voice mails, from 80 different callers
But to keep it 100, y'all really know Kells, nah
Underestimated, but over stood, let's just hope I'm a knock, knock, on wood
But either way I'm on another level thank the swisher
Ladies love when I'm around say I look better than the pictures
God damn right
I coined embrace the expression that I am fly
Cause I'm high as fly and above all of them land lives
I'm like Picasso with this damn mike, listen up
I gave the game stability, I am the missing crutch
Even know they hate me, you don't have a choice but to respect it, ha
Peter picked up Pepper and I just picked the dream
And fell asleep know everything I do's a movie scene
But I just wanna live, and never act, blow a pack and and run it back
Yeah
Now everybody from my city knows the name Kid
My father thought I was a screw up, till I blew up
Take a look at what the fame did
From stains to stainless, fridges in my cribz the illest, getting lifted like the planes is
Them one come and go, but the heart stays
Trying to keep my mind free is them junior high days
I guess we came a long way since the myspace
Seem like my name is all over the country like the highways
But they telling me the that home where the hate is
Well fuck that I'm gone then my spaceship
Been ready for take off
See me on Venus with extraterrestrials, puffing the greenest of the space raw
Already reaching and God willing if I make it to tomorrow
I'm a wake and dedicate this to the ceiling
Cause the fans make sure I'm on my mission
This is the pursuit of happiness fuck a million
We just over here living
Which is why I never put down the blunt
Surrounded myself with the realest
Which is why I never put up a front
But I did turned my back though
To everybody's opinion, and gave the critics a reason to kiss my ass
Hi bloggers I know my skin's a little different
I guess I'll blame the lack of presence on my skin pigment
I've been dough, I've been flyest then rest of them
I just always been I'll and they got the medicine
Guess I wouldn't want me around either
Vocals sick enough to fuck around and get listeners to jungle fever
Look at me now pops up in the sky box, a few clearer than eye drops
And I rock all the shows all the hoes and more
Open up my closet looking like a clothing store
I don't never wanna grow up, Peter Pan
So roll it up and let's hit neverland kellz
Gone
And everybody who just trying to make a living
Doing whatever they goata do to get it, put your hands up
Whether you work on the streets or in the buildings
Everybody that is handling they bizness, put your hands up
Me I'm just chasing the dream why they sitting
So everybody who isn't bullshitting, please stand up, please stand up
You in the front row dedicated to my fans
Though I was gone, I'm back
Helllllooo
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call, the final call
This is our warning shot ah ah
The final call
Came in no clout small bank and my big mouth
Small name but these big shots know just' what this kids bout
I said shit then I ment shit, corenor I dead shit
I treat hoes just like hoes that through bones go fetch shit
I'm pitbull, that x shit, that goin in at they neck shit
That we gon have a problem if I am not on the next shit
'Cause I wreck shit can't tame me I'm eminem and I'm jay z
I'm a renegade this rap shit me and all my boy like a-team
Fuck wrong with y'all this is my warning shot so I better see you ghost
Because I will treat competition like hoes, skip conversation and cum at their throates
Boy I'm from the c-l-e-v-e-l-a-n-d and I will be rappin that until I die
And you either with me or riding against me so lemme know put them L's up in the sky lace up
Call me the man, no better yet call me the kid
'Cause ain't nobody this young done what I did
'Cause ain't nobody this young go through the shit I went through these past couple years and lived.
Y'all suckers, hickey shit,
I'm a real rockstar, Nikki Sixx
I'm Minajin y'all jus watching got damn y'all Nikki's bitch
Can the game get anymore corny?
Can the fame get anymore boring?
Can any lame y'all think is dope put out garbage and make it easy for me?
Is it possible for anyone to adore me,
Is it possible for anyone to record me
So I can address all the people that took my clothes, videos, songs and put em out before me
And it's impossible to die
Possibly deliver the illest lyrics? Somebody call the paramedics
Somebody call the fucking paramedics
Is it even possible to lack the academics to get the credit in the city and never spend a minute in a class
Fuck that kiss my ass, drink til it's pitch black roll it up let me hit it.
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boy
I'm a wild boy, fuck an eighth I need o's
Kells
I'm an East side Cleveland wild boy (East side Cleveland wild boy)
We got baseball bats like the Indians and my team pop off like cowboys.
You're a white flag, throw that towel boy
I'm a jump right in that crowd boy
I don't give a Shhh! keep it down boy
And I'm a fuck you blow that loud boy
All I know is how to kill everyone and my cells
All they know is they can kill anybody but Kells
I am untouchable, you would think I was in jail
But I'm in Mexico getting marijuana from Miguel.
Bring it back into the states, put in on the scale,
Measure out half an 8th put it in a shell.
Split it then I roll it then light it up like it's Independence Day.
I got a bottle rocket put it in the air
Snapback with my city on it, text back with your titties on it.
Levi's put your kitty on it, start Grindin' like the Clipse is on it.
Drank until I get pissy bitch, smoke until I get dizzy bitch
Lose control like Missy, but I'm a bad boy cause I'm with Diddy biiiiiitch
There he go that's john doe [x3]
Never mind that's just Kells with that heat, no LeBron tho
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy,
Fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy,
Fuck an eighth I need o's
(Bricksquad!) Uh-Oh! here come that bullshit, beat a nigga ass til the DJ stop the music
They say they want that wild shit, mosh pit, jump up in the crowd bitch, I'm so mother fuckin violent.
(Yeah Bitch) Yeah Bitch I'm with Steve-O, we busting bottles with bad bitches blowin' weed smoke.
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch I'm with Steve-O, royal rumble in the club John Cen-o
I'm screaming Riverdale everywhere I go. I throw them bands hoe, drop it low
Fuck 5-0 I make my own rules, Suck my dragon balls bitch, call me Goku
(Yeah!) This liquor got the best of me, (Yeah!) This liquor got the best of me.
Machine Gun Kelly, Flocka that's the recipe. You gon' need King Kong if you step to me
(Yeah) Cobain's back, (Yeah) Cobain's back, got these crazy white boys yellin' Cobain's back.
I call my weed Nirvana, smells like teen spirit
And my packs so fucking loud you can't hear it. Ahhhh
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy,
Fuck an eighth I need o's
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
Yeah Bitch, Yeah Bitch, call me Steve-O,
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy,
Fuck an eighth I need o's
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy,
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy,
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy,
I'ma wild boy, I'ma I'ma wild boy, I'ma wild boy!
Rain, in the rain. Rain, in the rain.
Rain, in the rain. Rain, rain.
Every day I wake up to the same shit
In the same house with the same bricks,
In the same clothes with the same kicks
I might as well be in jail caged in.
Starin' at the wall waitin for a change, but
Dad telling me I gotta get a job.
Couldn't pay the bill so the light turned off.
Them Cleveland boys got it hard.
Oh my God, we living like this too long
Just to lose it all in a week.
My people too strong.
Get it? Me and my boys be blown,
Puffing on weed like it's the lawn.
Me and my boys tired of being here.
That is why we're gone.
They said we wouldn't amount to nothing, huh.
Y'all thought we was bluffing, huh?
Fought every temptation shit, I guess I'm David Ruffin huh?
Nowadays, we don't gotta do that dirt, tell my boys they good.
And nowadays my little girl won't have to work, moved her out the hood.
Look man, I been through it all, and I'm a be damned if I got this far,
And I let them strip me of this message let these haters take my heart.
This for the ones that had it hard, the ones like me, the underdogs.
This for the ones that waited for them clouds to fall, please God let it (Rain)
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
Underneath it all, we're just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
All around the world it's just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
So I let it rain.
And they mad that I made it out the city.
But if you look I'm still out in the city.
Before anything I had cloud in the city.
Two other states and never bounced in the city.
Shout out to everybody that's proud in the city.
Everybody cheering in the crowd from the city.
Everyone that never had doubts in the city.
Cause they know I represent what we about in the city.
And I'm still laced up, tell the world ain't nothing changed.
Till it's hundred dollar bills in my pocket, then nothings changed.
If my team ain't with me, then I don't wanna thing.
Tell them I'll go broke before I run out on my gang.
EST over everything.
100 thousand plus, cult fan base yeah that is us, my songs tattooed on their body.
Troubled youth We bad as fuck.
And what?
Nobody gave a shit for broken mirrors.
So I care less about appearance.
Just as long as they can hear us.
We're fearless, we're stupid, we're dealers, we're losers.
We're killers, we're orphans, we're addicts, we're stealers.
We're shooters so kill us.
We are what they say we are until conformity hits us.
Or those clouds come down and take them all with us, please God let it (Rain)
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
Underneath it all, we're just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
All around the world it's just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears, in the rain.
So I let it rain.
Rays in the rain. Rays in the rain.
Underneath it all we just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the, in the rain.
All around the world it's just the same, same, same.
You can't see my tears in the (Rain).
Uh, waiter bring another round please.
Bring that mother fucker back.
A couple more, they like it all please.
Cause y'all know how to act.
And I don't give a fuck, can I live?
Cause we be doin' too much shit,
Just a couple of kids from eastside of the 2-1-6
Bummin' a dollar and a dream real shit
Every day I wake up, higher than the night before
Blackin' out every night on tour
5 a.m we jump into the pool in our drawers
'Til the cops come. Run, run, fuck the law.
And I was born to be wild,
Sex, rock and roll and weed piles
Runnin' from the oldest seniles.
Follow in my steps, then you walkin' a green mile
Trees in my pockets like my denims a greenhouse.
Lead my team town?
Tell me what's my age again?
How many hours 'til I rage again?
This is the story of a young boy and the page we in
Say that he off chasin' fame again,
And there he goes... almost... famous bitch.
The bittersweet between my teeth
Tryin' to find the in-betweens
Fall back in love eventually
Yeeaahhhhhh.
Uh, half naked and almost famous.
Wild nights and all those places.
I be, half naked and almost famous.
And when I get up I ain't changin',
Tell the world lace up.
Kells
Yea, come rage with the Machine bitch.
E.S.T the team bitch.
Never got a college degree,
Too busy raisin' hell like it was friday the 13th bitch.
Fuck clothes and fuck hoes
Hundred dollars worth of munchies, truckloads.
Eighty-nine cent slushy in the cuphold,
Don't know where I'm goin', but we gone... what's home?
Maybe I'll just mapquest my dream,
And it'll say the address was me.
So what I really wanted all alongs been camouflaged by deed?
I'm not a pro, I just dogged the lead?
California dreams,
Where we sittin up under the Cleveland weather and
Wishin' for heat, I guess I need to see the leather man?
Uh, I just wanna be young forever man
Roll the peter pan, light it up and let's Neverland.
Mother fucker I'm gone.
The bittersweet between my teeth
Tryin' to find the in-betweens
Fall back in love eventually
Yeeaahhhhhh.
Uh, half naked and almost famous
(The bittersweet between my teeth)
Wild nights and all those places
(Tryin' to find the in-betweens)
I be, half naked and almost famous, famous.
(Fall back in love eventually)
And when I get out, I ain't changin' tell the world lace up.
Kells.
Let's bring some reality to it,
And the whole gang's in here, yeah, bitch (bitch)
Ok, EST for life, 40 mothafuckin days
I hustled, 40 nights
I got 40 deep behind me, ain't it mothafuckin nice
40 swishas, 40 bitches, went from mothafuckin rice
Shut it down, EST we shut it down
All them bitches know what's up, EST we run it now
And if you think that I'm lying, better go ask somebody
I'm just one out of a million, laced up, tatted, ridin' shawty
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
Ok, ok, I see they hide when we come 'round,
Get the fuck down, I am from the city where they bow,
Love that gun sound, I am from the city where the ride 'til the sun down, where they die by this tattoo, I rep nine so what's up now?
It's that reckless generation, EST my nation,
Mothafuck your time you taking, you know Cleveland's my location, straight shots with no chasing, fuck'em all in they faces,
They were sleeping on that shit I spit so I hawk spit in their faces
I can't take it, everybody better get in their places,
Me and all of mine are looking like gorillas we fitted in all black you would think we racist,
L-l-light it up like it's Vegas, sh-shuttin' down all that fake shit,
And not a damn one of these haters show they faces they like Craigslist
(Must let it be known, if you pullin' up in my city you better holla 'daddy I'm home')
Yeah, we hustle like no other, no love and no supper 19 double X forever
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
These mothafuckas don't know what tha fuck goin on
It's EST for life kno what I'm sayin
We gon ride together get high together and best believe we gon die together
I go by the name of DJ Xplosive and I'm stayin for this shit
Aye Kells, Dubo, Slim G fuck these hatin ass niggas either they run with us or they run from us
Let me kno put them L's up LACE THA FUCK UP!
And that my friends is how we rage
When all two hundred old boys come back to their home state
EST what the fuck?
EST (what the fuck?)
EST (what the fuck?)
EST (what the fuck?)
I say EST (what the fuck?)
Say EST (what the fuck?)
EST (what the fuck?)
EST (what the fuck?)
Flow nights motherfucker
Let's bring some reality to it,
And the whole gang's in here, yeah, bitch (bitch)
Ok, EST for life, 40 mothafuckin days
I hustled, 40 nights
I got 40 deep behind me, ain't it mothafuckin nice
40 swishas, 40 bitches, went from mothafuckin rice
Shut it down, EST we shut it down
All them bitches know what's up, EST we run it now
And if you think that I'm lying, better go ask somebody
I'm just one out of a million, laced up, tatted, ridin' shawty
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
Ok, ok, I see they hide when we come 'round,
Get the fuck down, I am from the city where they bow,
Love that gun sound, I am from the city where the ride 'til the sun down, where they die by this tattoo, I rep nine so what's up now?
It's that reckless generation, EST my nation,
Mothafuck your time you taking, you know Cleveland's my location, straight shots with no chasing, fuck'em all in they faces,
They were sleeping on that shit I spit so I hawk spit in their faces
I can't take it, everybody better get in their places,
Me and all of mine are looking like gorillas we fitted in all black you would think we racist,
L-l-light it up like it's Vegas, sh-shuttin' down all that fake shit,
And not a damn one of these haters show they faces they like Craigslist
(Must let it be known, if you pullin' up in my city you better holla 'daddy I'm home')
Yeah, we hustle like no other, no love and no supper 19 double X forever
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck) EST (What the fuck)
EST (What the fuck)
These mothafuckas don't know what tha fuck goin on
It's EST for life kno what I'm sayin
We gon ride together get high together and best believe we gon die together
I go by the name of DJ Xplosive and I'm stayin for this shit
Aye Kells, Dubo, Slim G fuck these hatin ass niggas either they run with us or they run from us
Let me kno put them L's up LACE THA FUCK UP!
Assets under the police
Becky here
Tell me one thing, tell me, tell me, tell me
are there you or...
when all these bitches should become cool
my local ...
because I... one motherfucking...
...by the way
a real gangster make sure he's all
My nigga how you gangster and you repping with police, police, police
You claim you're a thug but you rock with the police, police, police
Snitchin' on your own blood,
My nigga you is the police, police, police
Fuck the police, fuck the police, fuck 'em
Pooh Gutta, I'm nice
Before I snitch I do life, twice
They gonna hate me for this line, but oh well
But a nigga couldn't have snitched on so well
Suck my dick your honor, this suit right here designer
It's death before dishonor, I'll be out this bitch tomorrow
Like I never, ever ever, ever been gone
Taliban, who is that? Bitch my clique been on
Hold up let's just speak the real, bitch I ain't them dirty birds
Got thirty niggas in thirty cars them boys move about thirty birds
Scared money don't make shit, Porsche trucks no breaks bitch
Straight shots no chase bitch, I wild out I break shit
Now Taliban, what the fuck?
Taliban, what the fuck?
Taliban, what the fuck?
Taliban, what the fuck?
Taliban, what the fuck?
Taliban, what the fuck?
Taliban!
My nigga how you gangster and you repping the police, police, police
You claim you're a thug but you rock with the police, police, police
Snitchin' on your own blood,
My nigga you is the police, police, police
Fuck the police, fuck the police, fuck 'em
Kells
Fuck the 5-0, motherfuck the 5-0
Bitch I'm from the East but I busted them boys like I'm 5-0
All black shoes like capo, mafioso on my side ho
And I got lobsters for my partners, and they got choppers for my rivals
EST to the death of me, Taliban to the left of me
All I got is my dick and these bitches suck 'til they get the rest of me
Ain't none of y'all arresting me, free my brother J-rock
Shout out to my city them boys harder than a yay rock
Fuck these snitches, I don't know you snitches
I was a felon at fourteen 'cause I ain't ride on all you bitches
Now I'm free and I got this loud yellin' on your bitches
Duckin' this red and blue when I'm rollin' green and hailin' on yo bitches
EST, what the fuck?
EST, what the fuck?
EST, what the fuck?
EST, what the fuck?
EST, what the fuck?
EST, what the fuck?
Taliban nigga, what the fuck?
Taliban nigga, what the fuck?
Taliban!
My nigga how you gangster and you repping the police, police, police
EST, what the fuck!
You claim you're a thug but you rock with the police, police, police
Snitchin' on your own blood, my nigga you is the police, police, police
Fuck the police, fuck the police, fuck 'em
I'm so God damn gone I don't know where home is
Feeling real sauced up no boneless
I keep it G, fuck keeping up with the Joneses
Smelling so funky that you would think that I was homeless
And the fans like, Kells stop playing with him
That girl's man like, bitch stop laying with him
And the haters on the internet tryna' be thugged out
But them dealers and killers man I was staying with 'em
Eastside Cleveland to the death yo
Fuck Lebron the king never left y'all
Forget the number 23 man it's EST
You see it tatted on my chest, we the best y'all
Couple stacks if you wanna get a verse from me
Make a diss track if you wanna get a hearse from me
I got the gift already so I fuck bitch ass dick shit if you wanna get the curse from me
Cause everybody be wanting something that I got
Leaning on me like a tripod
But I'm already leaning up with the liquor
They be running up like do or die guy, Kells on their iPod
And I'm fucking with these trees real heavy man, real real heavy man
Blowing up brown good, the shit's real pettigrand
Mix it with the red I be calling that shit spaghetti
I'll be all up in the mountains blowing on that white yeti, man
End of the day I'll be chilling man, what's new
I'm for the people not the rappers man, fuck dude
I'd rather be a lame than rely on a name
Or rock sunglasses in the dark man, fuck cool
And the album coming soon y'all bear with me
Laced up, Chuck T's brought a pair with me
Hit 123rd for the sour Dies
Though I'm blunted in the car looking like a flare's with me
The people here with me hold me down, all dogs homie know me out
That's why my circle as small as a penny cause ain't no-one sold me out
But funny how everyone knows me now
And before all this we had the streets on lock, man, Doug knows
Ask Ash what it was 'fore we book shows
Me and Slim in a 1 bedroom, no money no food but now we eating good though
Now I could go (Where?)
Anywhere up there, all I gotta do is push go
Give me the green light meaning give me good 'dro
From a land far far away where the wood grow
And I'm staying real throwed like a pitch
Cop a whole zip put it in a dish
Blowing something real real evil so I call this witch
You got dirt so I call that ditch, you bitch
The dope boys feel me, the sub nerds feel me
Your girl definitely does, cause she here with me
So really you don't have a choice but to deal with me
And you like my shit, keep it real with me
Matter of fact, let's keep this one hundred
If I was pocket change I would be one hundred
You would be a nickel, even when I'm nothing
I was still a two fifties equalling out to one hundred
So keep it one hundred, Kells is that boy
Who resuscitated the city dog, that boy
Who got a whole coast behind him, that boy
So if you want the real, listen to that boy
And I'm that boy, 20 years old
With the world on my shoulder like a fur coat
Used to be square now I'm in a circle
Sipping Merlot, for real man, for sure
So about it you'd think I was from No Limit
Real white boy rap, dog, no gimmick
Bringing the game back to life with no clinic
Because I let 'em see the real me, no tinted
So I'm in this, the new face of
Hip hop I gave the game a shake up
And this brand new change comes in the shape of
A 6" 3' blonde haired boy, lace up
Shake some
You got a money maker then make some
Nah, I ain't feelin' hate
Skinny, white, black, no discriminate
Yea, everybody is included
Hell yea, we can do this
Show me what you got, what your mamma gave you
Make that pussy pop, put it on the table
Just like that, do it like you do it when you lookin' in the mirror
You know, when you're home alone
Practicin' before daddy get there
And I'm on my way, I mean I work all day
You know I'm tryna get laid
Chop the tree then I pop the pop and I'mma act a fool when I'm in that thang
But first thing's first
MOE, yes over everything
Got cash on my head 
I'm after the bread like they ain't gon never change
But when I'm done, countin' up, we could have some fun
Wut? I got a thousand of ones
Bust it over to me like you tryna get 
Paid paid paid paid
And when I get drunk hold up, we could both get laid laid laid laid
But the work come first and the work might take all day day day day
Put your back into it when you shake shake shake shake
Do it for me do it for me like you tryna get paid paid paid paid
And when I get down hold up, we could both get laid laid laid laid
But the work come first and the work might take all day day day day
Put your back into it when you shake shake shake shake
Do it for me do it for me like you tryna get paid paid paid paid
Now it look like you can ride this head like a bicycle
Highschool? Not that type of dude
You are good then we halla all night with you oh how I've changed
Up my game, bad bitch say she don't fuck with lames
I don't know what you're seein' but you should not believe it
I'mma cover of a book, you should read for a change
Yea, suck my worm silly little rabbit then struck my nerves
Hoes stay schemin' but so do I
I might fuck you then fuck with her
What's your plan? What's your plan?
You don't give a damn? Do your dance
Cuz I don't give a damn, I'm cool with no fan
I don't think you understand
You lookin' at a nigga that's tryna get
Paid paid paid paid
And when I get drunk hold up, we could both get laid laid laid laid
But the work come first and the work might take all day day day day
Put your back into it when you shake shake shake shake
Do it for me do it for me like you tryna get paid paid paid paid
And when I get down hold up, we could both get laid laid laid laid
But the work come first and the work might take all day day day day
Put your back into it when you shake shake shake shake
Do it for me do it for me like you tryna get paid paid paid paid
Everything green which means everything goes
Hard was the path I took, yea took it to the marble floor
Beat it and I leave it where it's at? No
It means you and I get to attach you
Already know I ain't fuckin' with that and if you didn't know
I'm just fuckin' with that like I be lovin' the cat
It's not in my nature but we could do it like momentarily dature
Besides, you don't want none to do with this
You only want the film and I'm using this
Key in ignition, reverse in drive
Open doors, I let you ride
I let you drive until the gas gone
But when the cash call, I'm flaggin' whole
I gotta go now, see you later
Uuuh that ass so fat, I'mma see you later
I'll be back one day but don't ask cuz I can't say
I wish I could stay but if I should stay
Then how in the hell would a nigga ever get
Paid paid paid paid
And when I get drunk hold up, we could both get laid laid laid laid
But the work come first and the work might take all day day day day
Put your back into it when you shake shake shake shake
Do it for me do it for me like you tryna get paid paid paid paid
And when I get down hold up, we could both get laid laid laid laid
But the work come first and the work might take all day day day day
Put your back into it when you shake shake shake shake
Do it for me do it for me like you tryna get paid paid paid paid
